---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan RecruitFirst Sdn Bhd Vacancies Debt Collector/ Collections Specialist/ Credit Controller x 70 (KL & Selangor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-07 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan RecruitFirst Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Debt Collector/ Collections Specialist/ Credit Controller x 70 (KL & Selangor) which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan RecruitFirst Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Debt Collector/ Collections Specialist/ Credit Controller x 70 (KL & Selangor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>We are representing our client who is the financial services group offering holistic banking and financial services in Malaysia</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Location:&#160;</strong><strong>Ampang, Bangsar, and Subang</strong></li><li><strong>5 Working days</strong></li><li><b>Basic Salary MYR 2,500- MYR 4,000 per month</b><b>+ no capped commission</b></li></ul><div><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Manage multiple delinquent accounts for debt collection efforts.</li><li>Keep track of assigned accounts to identify outstanding debts.</li><li>Plan a course of action to recover outstanding payments.</li><li>Negotiate payoff deadlines or payment plans.</li><li>Handle questions or complaints.</li><li>Investigate and resolve discrepancies in payments or accounts.</li></ul><div><strong>Must Requirements</strong></div><ul><li><strong>At least 1 year of working experience as relevant position.</strong></li><li><strong>Speak fluent English.</strong></li><li><strong>Prefer candidates who can start work immediately.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Kindly apply or forward your updated resume in Microsoft/ PDF format to Shanice Koh at shanicekoh@recruitfirst.co .&#160;</strong><strong>Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Grow your company with <strong>RecruitFirst</strong>!</div><div>The business environment today is a highly copetitive one, which is ever evolving. Having the right human resource business partner with a strong network of consultants and candidates has become key to the success of industry leading businessess.</div><div>RecruitFirst is the fastest growing human resource consultancy in the Asia Pacific. Our mission is to <strong>Helping People Find Better Jobs and Organisations Finds Better People</strong>. We live by this mission by ensuring that the best candidates and employers are connected via the rigorous recruitment processes and extensive database that we are continuously developing.</div><div>Be the first to recruit with us and start realising the value-add that we are able to provide to your organization! Enjoy the expansive array of human resource solutions and network which RecruitFirst has to offer.</div><div>Together with our affiliates, we have operation in <strong>9 countries</strong> and <strong>12 Cities</strong> across <strong>Asia Pacific</strong> - <strong>Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Gunagzhou, Shenzhen, Taipei, Tokyo, Seoul</strong> and <strong>Jakarta</strong>. This geographical network gives us the strategic advantage of acquiring the best candidates to satisfy the human resource strategies of multinational companies. In addition, with this large network of consultants, we are also able to provide for all your human resource needs, including <strong>temporary staffing, contract staffing, executive search, payroll services, global placement</strong> or <strong>management consultancy</strong>.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/debt-collector-collections-specialist-credit-controller-x-70-kl-selangor-4419383?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419383&sectionRank=11&token=0~02ac2a82-081c-4332-aadc-b19b9fad67d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 