---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales Executive / Assistant Sales Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-02 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive / Assistant Sales Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive / Assistant Sales Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div></div><div>&#160;<ul><li>To contribute to the profitability of the company.</li><li>To achieve budgeted sales through sales to existing customers and new customers.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>To carry out activities to maintain sales with existing customers.</li><li>To respond to customers inquiries and needs. Ensure customers&#8217; satisfaction is attained.</li><li>To identify new sales opportunities and carry out appropriate plans to achieve sales targets.</li><li>To work closely with principals to achieve market share targets.</li><li>To conduct market surveys and prepare market survey reports.</li><li>To prepare sales reports and other reports whenever required.</li><li>To collect the debt from customers. Manage debt within the company&#8217;s debt policy.</li><li>To participate in inventory planning for ex-stock sales. Ensure sufficient stock to meet demand.</li><li>To assist in the training of new sales personnel, if required.</li><li>Ensure that the company's&#160;reputation in the industry is being upheld at all time.</li><li>Additional responsibilities may be assigned from time to time by the management.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>Preferably 2 to 5 years sales experience in chemical / polymer / food industries</li><li>Degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or related disciplines</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, CareerMaster represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of CareerMaster is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div><div><div>Location:&#160;<strong>Johor</strong></div><div>Client's Profile:</div><ul><li>Leader in the sales and distribution of industrial raw materials and additives and an experienced manufacturer of textile auxiliaries.</li></ul><div>Working Days:<strong>&#160;5</strong></div></div><div><strong>Attractive Benefits Include: </strong></div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Performance Bonus</strong></li><li><strong>Personal Accident Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Company Car</strong></li><li><strong>Attractive incentive</strong></li><li><strong>Group Medical &amp; Hospitalization Insurance.</strong></li><li><strong>Career Advancement</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to&#160;<strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call&#160;<strong>Tel:</strong>&#160;<strong>607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-assistant-sales-manager-4415481?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4415481&sectionRank=28&token=0~6bc5b52b-2bf5-413e-930c-b62a1ce51b6c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 