---
title: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) Vacancies International Student Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-01 
excerpt: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the International Student Officer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>International Student Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Post Title:</strong> International Student Officer<br><strong>School/Department:</strong> Student Welfare and Academic Services (SWAS)<br><strong>Reports to:</strong> Director of Student Welfare and Academic Services<br><strong>Responsible for: </strong>International Students and Admission</div><div><strong>Purpose</strong><br>The International Student Officer will primarily be responsible for providing international students with information on immigration procedures, submitting applications for Student Passes to EMGS. In addition, the post holder will be expected to undertake mobility related work for both campuses. The post holder will be required to respond to enquiries and follow-up with international and mobility applicants on any outstanding documents or payments required as part of the Student Pass application.</div><div><strong>Main duties and responsibilities:</strong></div><div><strong>International Student Office:</strong><div><strong>Student Pass &amp; Visa</strong><br>&#8226; To ensure that the student pass/visa application are processed in a timely manner for all international students.<br>&#8226; Ensure correct feedbacks are given pertaining to EMGS and immigration.<br>&#8226; To ensure that all international students are briefed on their responsibilities and student pass/visa matters.<br>&#8226; To ensure proper student pass cancellation is done for those who are exiting / completing / graduating from the institution.<br>&#8226; To monitor on student passes to avoid students from overstay.<br>&#8226; To ensure the management of records and filling on all related matters for Student Pass/Visa is up to date.&#160;<br>&#8226; To be responsible for KDN audit and ensure that all data and documents required for the license renewal of the international student are managed efficiently.</div><div><strong>Student Mobility</strong><br>&#8226; To liaise closely with Academic Director Teaching &amp; Learning (ADTL), schools and partner institutions to support Student Mobility programme activities.<br>&#8226; Be responsible for the Student Mobility Programme administration: applications, communication with students and deadlines.<br>&#8226; To provide information and advice to staff and students on all aspects of the Student Mobility Programme: briefings, meetings, information sessions and attendance of events such as Open Day.<br>&#8226; To ensure the management of records on all related matters for Student Mobility Programme is up to date.</div><div><div><strong>Admissions:</strong><br>&#8226; To support applicants, prospective applicants and their advisors through the admissions process, including responding to enquiries and processing recommendations and decisions;<br>&#8226; To respond to enquiries in person, by telephone, by email or in writing in relation to entry requirements and updates on the progress of applications;<br>&#8226; To support the Admissions Officer with offer management and conversion activities.<br>&#8226; Ensure a high quality level of customer service is provided to students, internal colleagues and external visitors;</div><div><strong>Others:</strong><br>&#8226; Member of the SWAS Media Team</div><div>&#8226; The ability to observe and work within the University of Reading values and professional behaviours framework:<br>http://www.reading.ac.uk/web/FILES/humanresources/humres-Values_for_Working_Together_and_Professional_Behaviours.pdf</div><div><strong>Supervision received</strong><br>The post reports to the Director of Student Welfare and Academic Services who is responsible for all areas in student and academic services.</div><div><strong>Contact</strong><br>The post holder will have frequent contact with staff in Malaysia as well as departments and staff based in the UK.</div><strong>Terms and conditions</strong><br>This post is full-time and permanent. The probationary period is six months. The post is based in Malaysia.<div>This document outlines the duties required for the time being of the post to indicate the level of responsibility.&#160; It is not a comprehensive or exhaustive list and the head of department may vary duties from time to time which do not change the general character of the job or the level of responsibility entailed</div></div>Enable GingerCannot connect to Ginger Check your internet connection<br>or reload the browserDisable in this text fieldEditEdit in GingerEdit in Ginger&#215;</div><div>Enable GingerCannot connect to Ginger Check your internet connection<br>or reload the browserDisable in this text fieldEditEdit in GingerEdit in Ginger&#215;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	&#160; &#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We are an international branch campus of the University of Reading, UK.&#160; Our stunning, modern campus is located in Educity, Iskandar Puteri, a strategic initiative by the government to establish what is now a rapidly-emerging international hub for education.&#160; The campus building is a spacious, eco-friendly facility that houses IT-enabled classrooms, lecture theatre, labs, a learning resource centre and student social areas all under one roof.&#160; As part of Educity, staff and students have access to world-class sports facilities.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We focus on high-quality teaching and research and offer degrees in professional disciplines that mirror those found on the UK campus.&#160; Schools represented on campus include the renowned Henley Business School, School of Law, School of Built Environment and School of Psychology and Clinical Language Sciences.&#160; We place significant emphasis on the student experience, employability, industry links and supporting the Iskandar community.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong> ABOUT US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia (UoRM) is a wholly-owned international branch campus of the University of Reading.&#160; The University of Reading is one the UK&#8217;s leading research intensive universities and is consistently ranked in league tables for its high-quality teaching and research, internationalisation, and graduate employability.&#160; UoRM is an integral part of the University&#8217;s global strategy, together with the NUIST-Reading Academy in Nanjing China and various other international partnerships.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; <strong>ABOUT YOU</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; This is an excellent opportunity to be a part of the dynamic team at University of Reading Malaysia.&#160; You have a great attitude along with energy and enthusiasm.&#160; You are dedicated, self-motivated and able to learn quickly.&#160; You enjoy being part of a team and working with others in a collaborative manner.&#160; You are always professional and respectful.<br><br><strong> COME AND JOIN US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; PTD 154972, Persiaran Graduan,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Kota Ilmu,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; 79200 Iskandar Puteri<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Johor, Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/international-student-officer-4433460?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4433460&sectionRank=2&token=0~b12fd373-161a-4a70-bbcd-1c470fe3dc10&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 