---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales and Support Executive – (Medical Insurances)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-07 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales and Support Executive – (Medical Insurances) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales and Support Executive – (Medical Insurances)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Responsible to monitor, track and review the performance of agents against business targets</li><li>Initiate and implement agents&#8217; recruitment exercise to further develop business.</li><li>Guide and develop new agents according to the Company&#8217;s established plans and policies.</li><li>Experience in organizing product training, Business Opportunity Program and other marketing events and activities to improve business and continuously improve the competency and quality of agents.</li><li>Attend to agents&#8217; enquiries and complaints to further improve the quality of agency support.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong><ul><li>Possess a minimum professional certification / Diploma / Degree in Sales and Marketing, Mass Communication, Business Administration and equivalent.</li><li>A minimum of 4 years working experience in sales and marketing, agency or administration support is required.</li><li>Enjoy meeting with people, result-oriented, able to multi-task and a Team player. Possess Good interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>High computer literacy in MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint for business presentation and training.</li><li>Language proficiency in <strong>English, Bahasa Malaysia and Mandarin.</strong></li><li>Candidates from the life insurance industry are an added advantage and encouraged to apply.</li><li>Possess own transport.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today,&#160;<strong>CareerMaster</strong>&#160;represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of&#160;<strong>CareerMaster&#160;</strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div><div><div>Location:<strong>Sarawak , Selangor</strong></div>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>A major player in providing quality healthcare management and medical protection.</strong><strong>&#160;</strong><br>&#160;</li></ul><div>WORKING DAYS:<strong> 5</strong><br>Attractive Benefits Include:]</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Card</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances per claim</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly, well-organized, systematic, high-technology environment to work in</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Salary will commensurate with candidate's experience and track records of achievements.</div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong>&#160;jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><br>&#160;</div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong><br>&#160;</div><div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call&#160;<strong>Tel: 607 - 3535924</strong></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-and-support-executive-medical-insurances-4419748?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419748&sectionRank=19&token=0~02ac2a82-081c-4332-aadc-b19b9fad67d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 