---
title: "Hong Xin Construction Sdn Bhd Vacancies Site Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-11 
excerpt: "Hong Xin Construction Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Site Supervisor which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hong Xin Construction Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Site Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Engineering - Civil/Construction/Structural or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Supervisor/Team Lead for this job position.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Scope:</strong></p><ul><li>Arrange worker&#8217;s work schedule and monitor their works.</li><li>Check the work&#8217;s quality and carry out inspection accordingly.</li><li>Adhere and enforce safety rules and procedures at site.</li><li>Schedule, control and monitor the daily usage of material/machinery at site.</li><li>Prepare site daily report and site diary.</li><li>Record the material delivery to site in the Material Record Book.</li><li>Attend site meeting as instructed by Project Manager.</li><li>Carry the site measurement for both material and work.</li><li>Ensure site and project activities are implemented according to Project Manager requirement.</li><li>Perform other relevant duties as and when directed by Project Manager from time to time.</li><li>Ensure workers compliance to the Occupational Safety &amp; Health Act (OSHA 1994), Factories &amp; Machinery Act (FMA 1967), Environment Quality Act (EQA 1974) and other statutory obligations Local Authorities, Government Department and Agencies.</li><li>Responsible for the implementation of necessary preventive, precautionary activities / measures / action plan, and accordance with the scope of work assigned to him by the Person In Charge.</li><li>Ensure workers compliance to the site safe work procedures and adequately supervised.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Ensure workers wear basic personal protective equipment and relevant additional personal protective equipment when performing work in the work site.</li><li>Ensure all constructions activities is carried out in a safe manner and eliminated unsafe condition by putting-up barricades, signage and safety control measures.</li><li>Immediately stop unsafe work practices by workers and implement safe work procedures.</li><li>Co-ordinate construction activities with Safety, Health and Environment Personnel.</li><li>Co-operate with Safety, Health and Environment Personnel in implementing safety measures.</li><li>Ensure workers tools and equipment are maintained in good condition and safe to use.</li><li>Conduct regular inspection in the workplace to ensure compliance of safety regulations.</li><li>Ensure workers are aware of chemicals, toxic waste and to observe safety precautions.</li><li>Prevent accidents by being pro-active hazard identification and risk preventions process.</li><li>Report near miss accident / serious accident to Safety, Health and Environment Personnel.</li><li>Ensure work areas are clean of construction waste after work is completed/ dispose to bins.</li><li>Ensure workers are familiar with emergency evacuation procedures and escape routes.</li><li>Ensure workers compliance of other safety requirement as and when necessary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>Hong Xin Construction Sdn. Bhd. </strong>was first set up as Low Construction Trading Co. on 1st September 1985. With the business continuously to growth and a number of diversify projects from commercial and residential projects, we had established Hong Xin Construction Sdn. Bhd.&#160; on 15th July 1996.</div>
<div>Our company stands for excellence and innovation in management and construction techniques. We create excels in the team atmosphere that the entire approach of our company is based on cooperative communications with our clients. We had achieved the certification of ISO9001:2000 in Jun&#8217;s 2008 and ISO9001:2008 in Dec&#8217;s 2010. We believe through this quality management system, we are committed to meet the market requirements and to continually improve through:</div>
<ul>
<li>&#61558; MAINTAIN a quality environment by the continual improvement of its processes and the supplied products and services.</li>
<li>&#61558; OFFER services and products, which respect quality requirements, abide to the laws and to the contracting</li>
<li>&#61558; ACCURATELY DETERMINE, implements, maintains and continually improves the effectiveness of a Quality Management System that satisfies the requirements of ISO 9001:2000.</li>
<li>&#61558; ESTABLISH objectives, deploys them within the organization, reviews them at planned intervals and proceeds with corrective actions as appropriate.</li>
<li>&#61558; CERTIFY that all its personnel are well trained to know, maintain, and develop the company&#8217;s policies and goals for Quality and contributes in the achievement of its objectives.</li>
<li>&#61558; PROVIDE a suitable work environment for the continuous improvement of its human resources.</li>
</ul>
<div>Everybody benefits from this approach because it utilizes the knowledge and experience of all those involved. This philosophy, combined with awareness of and responsiveness to a constantly changing industry, help HONG XIN to maintain high standards and a solid reputation.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/site-supervisor-4442629?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4442629&sectionRank=9&token=0~02ba60d2-c336-4b1f-81df-1d582ecc1dc5&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 