---
title: "AGENSI PEKERJAAN CITYRECRUIT SDN BHD [JTK1382] Vacancies SUPPLY CHAIN/PURCHASING/PLANNING/LOGISTIC/ [EXEC/MANAGER]" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-18 
excerpt: "AGENSI PEKERJAAN CITYRECRUIT SDN BHD [JTK1382] is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SUPPLY CHAIN/PURCHASING/PLANNING/LOGISTIC/ [EXEC/MANAGER] which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AGENSI PEKERJAAN CITYRECRUIT SDN BHD [JTK1382] is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SUPPLY CHAIN/PURCHASING/PLANNING/LOGISTIC/ [EXEC/MANAGER]</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>OUR CLIENTS FROM THE FOLLOWING INDUSTRIES LOOKING FOR RELEVANT CANDIDATES WHO CAN JOIN THEIR ORGANIZATION IMMEDIATELY..</div><div>KINDLY SUBMIT YOUR RESUME TO <strong>RACHEL [ rachel.gan@cityrecruit.com.my / +60 19-772 2619 ]</strong></div><div><strong>POSITIONS AVAILABLE..</strong></div><div>1. PURCHASING / PROCUREMENT EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>2. PLANNER / PLANNING EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>3. SUPPLY CHAIN EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>4. LOGISTIC EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>5. WAREHOUSE EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>6. CUSTOMER SERVICE EXEC / SNR EXEC</div><div>7. ETC</div><div><strong>LOCATIONS</strong></div><div>1. SENAI<br>2. TAMPOI<br>3. NUSAJAYA</div><div>4. ULU TIRAM<br>5. PASIR GUDANG</div><div>6. ETC</div><div><br>PLEASE SEND YOUR RESUME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. WE SHALL PROCESS YOUR REQUEST.</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Professional Certificate, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Economics, Engineering (Mechanical), Logistic/Transportation, Business Studies/Administration/Management, Commerce or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in SENAI / TAMPOI / NUSAJAYA / ULU TIRAM / PASIR GUDANG.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives specializing in Purchasing/Inventory/Material &amp; Warehouse Management or equivalent.</li><li>10 Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Established on 30th September 2000, Agensi Pekerjaan CityRecruit Sdn Bhd is proud to make its mark in the ever-growing field of man-power supply. Being one of the most successful recruitment organizations in Johor, Malaysia; we have the ability to supply companies with complete, cost effective staffing solutions within a comprehensive range of industries.</div><div>As a leading local company based in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, we recruit only the finest Permanent, Temporary and Contract talent who we believe will add value to your corporation specifically and the industry you specialize in as a whole. A trusted staffing partner, CityRecruit has been effective in creating career opportunities. We instil a belief in excellence and we trust that it will show through in everything we do.</div>Product &amp; Services<div>1. Permanent Division Specialising in the recruitment of junior to senior level management staff, CityRecruit is able to provide candidates with or without specific business requirements. We strive on searching for candidates which are specific for our clients&#8217; needs as well as provide an insight into what is available in the current market.</div><div>2. Temporary &amp; Contract Division This division meets the recruitment needs of companies who require short-term staffing solutions. We are able to supply suitable personnel for a set period of time, as required by our clients. Temporary Staffing is usually set for a time period of six (6) months and below while Contract Staffing is set for six (6) months till up to two (2) years, which ever is comfortable for your staffing needs.</div><div>3. Executive Search To meet the ever-growing need for highly professional and brilliant employees, CityRecruit also does Executive Search for high-level positions. We pride ourselves in being able to provide comprehensive insight and detailed background search on our candidates which fall under this category. We believe that the workforce of a company is what makes a corporation excel and grow, thus we put extra effort in sourcing for the most suitable candidate for your corporation.</div><div>4. Customised Packages Understanding that not every company is the same and that recruitment needs may differ, we are always open and willing to design a specific package for your company. By working together and constructing a tailored package which meets your exact requirements, we believe we will be able to provide quality candidates who will add value to your company. Project Based Package &#8211; within a specified time-frame On-Going Hiring &#8211; fixed job-order over a period of time</div><div>Kindly submit your application and copy paste your resume on our website www.cityrecruit.com.my , you will receive our NEWSLETTER&#160; on FOC basis and you will be noticed by morethan 1 consultants to work on your resume.</div><div>Submit NOW! either click on this following link or copy and paste into your browser and press enter :-</div><div>https://cityrecruit.com.my/job-seekers-recruitment-johor-bahru/view-jobs/</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supply-chain-purchasing-planning-logistic-[exec-manager]-4446739?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4446739&sectionRank=12&token=0~91a39689-d583-4308-a0d6-bf4f6b29c42d&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 