---
title: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Business Development Officer (Southern Region)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-25 
excerpt: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Development Officer (Southern Region) which positioned at Johor, Melaka" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Development Officer (Southern Region)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We are currently seeking a <strong>Business Development Officer based at Johor</strong>&#160;to join DHL eCommerce Solutions&#160;Malaysia</div></div><div><strong>OVERALL ROLE</strong><br><br>Develop and manage a dense Premium Service Point Partner network to drive revenue, volumes and profitability in the retail customer segment. Ensure excellent customer service levels at all Premium Service Point Partner outlets within responsible area; while continuously optimizing costs and operational efficiency.</div><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong><div><strong>External Scope</strong></div><ul><li>Acquire partners and setup a network of last mile Service Points in designated area for the convenience of senders and recipients.</li><li>Actively manage and develop partners, maintain good relationships with all partners in designated area.</li><li>Ensure good and consistent customer service experience for all customers by monitoring and managing quality control of Service Points in responsible area.</li><li>Gather feedback for continuous improvement of Service Points in order to meet customers&#8217; expectations.</li><li>Design and implement adequate training to all Service Points in responsible area.</li><li>Developing customized targeted sales strategies to continuously increase revenue</li><li>Conduct retail audit reviews with market research and provide reporting scorecards to highlight retail status on customer service and performance levels.</li></ul><div><strong>Internal Scope</strong><ul><li>Develop &amp; implement a strong brand presence (in consultation with marketing team) at all Service Points. At the same time, ensure strict adherence to company policies &amp; procedures.</li><li>Work closely with product team owners to constantly implement new ideas to reach out to potential customer while optimizing on operational costs.</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong><ul><li>At least a Bachelor Business Degree holder with 2-3 years of strategic planning experiences in the business development, e-commerce logistics or service industry.</li><li>Knowledge and understanding of retail trade business from service perspective is preferred but not mandatory.</li><li>Demonstrate good communication and presentation skills.</li><li>Possess positive &#8220;can-do&#8221; mindset and sales-driven attitude.</li><li>Able to demonstrate ability to influence decisions makers with value-added inputs into the organization business processes.</li><li>Qualitative thinking to quantitative analysis in order to reach and justify a strategic or tactical decision</li><li>Able to use English/ Malay in communication both speaking and writing and knowledge in mandarin will be added advantage</li><li>Able to work independently and with a team</li><li>Knowledge in computing software (Microsoft office)</li><li>Possess own transport (Car)</li><li>Willing to travel outstation within Malaysia</li></ul></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	DHL is present in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, making it the most international company in the world. With a workforce exceeding 380,000 employees, we provide solutions for an almost infinite number of logistics needs.&#160;<br>
<br>
	DHL is part of the world&#8217;s leading postal and logistics company Deutsche Post DHL Group, and encompasses the business units DHL Express, DHL Post &amp; Parcel, DHL eCommerce Solutions, DHL Global Forwarding, Freight and DHL Supply Chain.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-development-officer-southern-region-4430998?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4430998&sectionRank=4&token=0~99ba3915-bac1-4338-8bae-eb8bb5ccb7fe&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 