---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan GMRecruitment Sdn Bhd Vacancies Warehouse Director (Up to RM18k / Pharmaceutical / Nusajaya, JB)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-28 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan GMRecruitment Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Warehouse Director (Up to RM18k / Pharmaceutical / Nusajaya, JB) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan GMRecruitment Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Warehouse Director (Up to RM18k / Pharmaceutical / Nusajaya, JB)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Operation Management</div><ul><li>Management operations at multiple locations</li><li>Establish the process<strong> as per pharmaceutical standards</strong></li><li>Monitor the metrics for warehouse activities</li></ul><div>Capex Management</div><ul><li><strong>Warehouse capacity planning</strong> in line with the business plan</li><li>Projection and getting approval of capex and opex</li><li>Planning and execution of projects through technical team</li></ul><div>Compliance Management</div><ul><li>Create <strong>policies and procedures for warehouse operations</strong> in line with the regulatory, safety, satutory and financial standards</li><li>Ensure compliance as per the procedures</li><li>Periodical review of gap analysis, deviations, CAPA, change controls</li><li>Facing regulatory, statutory safety, financial audits and timely closure of audit points</li><li>Ensure prompt actions on key compliance on risk management and internal control system</li></ul><div>Inventory Management</div><ul><li>Periodical stock verification and correction</li><li>Ensure online inventory visibility</li><li>Periodical review of non-moving, rejected and expired stocks</li><li>Maintain the system hygiene</li></ul><div>People Management</div><ul><li>Manpower planning &amp; recruitments</li><li>Training &amp; development plans</li><li>Performance management</li></ul><div>Technology and process improvements</div><ul><li>Drive innovation and efficiency with technology and continuous improvement projects</li></ul><div>Requirement:</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma/Degree in Logistic/Transportation, Business Studies/Administration/Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 15 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in <strong>Nusajaya, JB</strong>.</li></ul><div>Interested candidate may apply <strong>online </strong>or email your latest resume to Mr Danny, <strong>danny@gmsrecruit.com</strong><div>We regret that only shortlisted candidate will be notified.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Agensi Pekerjaan GMRecruitment Sdn Bhd(JTK:2922) is a licensed recruitment company based in Malaysia who delivers human resource solutions which is a core issue in every organization. It serve comprehensive through contract staffing and permanent recruitment requirement. It has a professional and experienced team to provide best recruitment and outsourcing services for every valuable client in various industries. The clients are from industries of Logistic, IT, Construction, Manufacturing, Hospital, Banking and etc.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/warehouse-director-up-to-rm18k-pharmaceutical-nusajaya-jb-4413355?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4413355" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 