---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assembly Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-22 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assembly Supervisor which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assembly Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and supervise a group of production leaders and operators in meeting the quality and quantity target. Plan, organize and coordinates the line to its optimum in terms of efficiency and productivity.</li><li>Control on the materials issued and the material scrap.</li><li>Manage a team of workers for an existing &amp; upcoming product that needs special focus &amp; attention. Complete delivery and people management responsibility either for one region with many entities put together within a process or a sub process.</li><li>Manage &amp; ensure efficient and smooth shift&#8217;s operation and warehouse, including proper planning and ensures the inventory&#8216;s accuracy to achieve Key Performance</li><li>Index (KPI) and customers&#8217; requirements.</li><li>Manage &amp; supervise a group of operators in receiving, storing and distributing parts and materials.</li><li>Inculcate and promote continuous improvement (Kaizen) culture.</li><li>Maintaining high standards of housekeeping at all times.</li><li>To provide production daily output report.</li><li>Any other job assignments required by the immediate superior and/or the management from time to time.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>T</strong>oday, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div><strong>A</strong>t the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div><div>Location: <strong>Johor</strong></div><div>Client's Profile:</div><ul><li><strong>An MNC company specializing in Moulds engineering precision plastic components</strong></li></ul><div><br>Working days: <strong>5</strong></div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few months</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly and well-organized environment to work in</strong></li></ul><div><br>Interested candidate, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel:607 - 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assembly-supervisor-4410039?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4410039" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 