---
title: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia Vacancies MARKETING EXECUTIVE (REF:AW)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MARKETING EXECUTIVE (REF:AW) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JAC Recruitment Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MARKETING EXECUTIVE (REF:AW)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB INFORMATION:</strong></div><ul><li>Position: Marketing Executive</li><li>Business Nature: Well-known International IT Product Manufacturer</li><li>Location: Pasir Gudang,&#160; Johor</li></ul><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Assist in achieving marketing objectives by actively participating in developing and implementing detailed marketing concepts, plans and strategies based on market trends, competitors and sales department&#8217;s information, and customers&#8217; requests with ultimate goal of maximizing business growth.&#160;</li><li>Assist in planning and developing promotional materials and liaise with advertising agencies for the production of such materials.&#160;</li><li>Assist in making, managing and updating company new letters, company websites and social media.</li><li>Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness marketing activities and provide feedback to management for improvement.</li><li>Assist in preparing monthly report, and presentation materials for meeting when need arises.</li><li>Assist in organizing monthly meeting with regional sales representative.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Assist in handling and responding new business, customer inquiries and leads generation.</li><li>Occasional visit to customer and market (domestic and international) for collecting and researching market information.&#160;</li><li>Other ad-hoc activities: preparing quotation, and etc.</li></ul><div><br><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidates must possess at least diploma in marketing or business field.</li><li>Preferably junior executive in marketing/business development or equivalent with digital and e-marketing communication and social media updates.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience. New products designing and launches experience is advantage.</li><li>Proficiency in English (verbal and written), fluent in Mandarin is preferred.</li><li>Required skills: Microsoft Office(Word,Excel,PPT) Photoshop, Marketing</li><li>Exceptional organizational, follow-up, time management skills; detail oriented, ability to communicate effectively with external and internal customers.</li><li>Willing to travel</li><li>Willing to work in Pasir Gudang</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>JAC Recruitment was first established in London, UK in 1975. Our growth continue in Asia, where we make our mark in 11 countries: Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,&#160;Thailand, &#160;Hong Kong, China,&#160;Korea, Vietnam, India, United Kingdom and Japan.</div><div><br>We established since April 1994 in Malaysia and has &#160;been providing accurate and high quality recruitment service to our clients. We introduce highly skilled, experienced and professional personnel, spanning through a wide range of expertise; Executive Placement, Staff Placement, Native Japanese, Japanese Speaking, and Multilingual Talent&#160;</div><div>Emphasizing on quick and efficient solution to your recruitment needs while maintaining a unique, warm Malaysian approach in our communications, assuring a superior quality service that connects employers with employees, fulfilling employment needs in harmonious perfection.</div><ul><li>Our consultants are well trained professional and has in-depth industry specific knowledge</li><li>We are committed to provide borderless operation with the same high standard of service everywhere</li><li>We Place the right talents, to the right positions, at the right companies with joy!</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-executive-ref:aw-4451615?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451615&sectionRank=17&token=0~001fbd9c-6e64-4e88-a2d0-369ccad8856b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 