---
title: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Warehouse Executive @ Johor (REF: EL)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-23 
excerpt: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Warehouse Executive @ Johor (REF: EL) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Capita Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Warehouse Executive @ Johor (REF: EL)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responisbilties:</strong></div><ul><li>Manage incoming activities for raw materials and packaging material from supplier.</li><li>Manage storage and issuing activities to production department for raw materials, packaging materials &amp; WIP.</li><li>Monitor and control the process of filling of finish goods.</li><li>Manage outgoing activities for finish goods to customers.</li><li>Ensure the trucks and other vehicles coming to and leaving the company premises accordingly and safely.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, Logistic/Transportation or equivalent.</li><li>Required skill(s): warehouse and logistic management, Logistic And Warehouse Management.</li><li>Experience in ISO documentation and implementation for logistic management.</li><li>Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.</li><li>Good communication skill and computer literate (SAP system knowledge is an added advantage).</li><li>Good negotiation and vendor management skills</li><li>Required language(s): Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Pasir Gudang.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Logistics/Supply Chain or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div><strong>You will be entitled</strong><br>Annual Leave&#160;<br>Sick Leave&#160; &#160; &#160;<br>Other Benefits : , EPF, Socso, Company Insurance, Medical coverage at Panel clinic, Dental Allowance , Free lunch at staff canteen, Uniform provided.</div><div><strong>What you need to do now</strong><br>If you're interested in this role, click apply now or forward an up to date copy of your CV to <strong>resume@capitamalaysia.com OR evonne.lim@persolmy.com</strong></div><div><br>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Established in 2007 in Singapore, Capita Global is an award-winning recruitment expert and staffing provider for multi-national companies across Asia.</div><div>In 2012, Capita Global expanded its operations to Malaysia with its first office in Kuala Lumpur.&#160;</div>Since then, we have become one of the fastest growing recruitment agencies in Malaysia as we continually enhanced our service offerings, eventually segmenting into individual divisions with unparalleled expertise.<div>Specialising in both local and international permanent placement, our consultants who are experts in their niche areas are consistently delivering the right talent to meet clients&#8217; human resource needs and candidates&#8217; career growth.</div><div>We offer a focused recruitment solutions in the following specialisations:</div><div>Banking, Finance and Insurance<br>Shared Services<br>Engineering<br>Information Technology &amp; Telecommunications<br>Accounting &amp; Finance<br>Functional &amp; Business Support<br>Japanese Resources</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/warehouse-executive-@-johor-ref:-el-4410580?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4410580" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 