---
title: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) Vacancies Manager, PLOSC Operation" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-21 
excerpt: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, PLOSC Operation which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, PLOSC Operation</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Manager, Petrochemical Supply Chain Operation</strong></div><div><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></div><div>1. Lead in execution of orders based on the agreed logistics plan with the customers including managing the coordination of product movement from plant to off-takers.<br>2. Lead coordination and communication with Service Provider such as PRPC UF, SPT and LLP to ensure seamless logistic operation and system integration.<br>3. Manage and coordinate the operational deviation from the plan and report the issues for mitigation and action.<br>4. Lead the preparation of document performed by service providers such as PRPC UF and Lead Logistics Provider (LLP) for PRefChem to be in-line with requirement sets forth by offtaker, government agency and/or governing bodies.</div><div><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></div><div>1) Logistics Operation<div>Lead and drive day-to-day operations to ensure smoothness of operations at both Solid Product Warehouse, Solid Product Jetty and Tank Truck Loading Rack (TTLR) to fulfill the off-taker's shipment volume. The operations include supervising and monitoring at Solid Product Warehouse and TTLR for the loading of the product into containers, trucks or ISOtank to ensure timely loading of containers/trucks or ISOtank as per vessel's schedule or meeting domestic customer delivery time.</div><div>2) Communication and Coordination<br>Manage communication with both internal and external parties to ensure accurate shipping and delivery schedule for new and existing products. Develop an integrated logistics management system through collaboration with other departments including PRefChem Commercial, PRefChem Production Accounting, LLP, Solid Product Warehouse, Solid Product Jetty, Tank Truck Loading Rack (TTLR) &amp; Off takers.</div><div>3) Service Provider Performance<br>Lead execution of logistic plan among service providers in line with established KPIs and contractual obligation. Timely resolution of issues to ensure seamless logistic operation to be able to meet business objective and target. Supervise issuance of non-conformance report to any service provider not meeting the agreed performance standard to ensure timely and effective rectification of performance gap.</div><div><br>4) Systems</div>Lead and streamline flow across different systems such as SAP HANA, SAP P30, SPWMS, SLHMS, PTOS and Logistic Monitoring Tool ranging from the creation of Sales Order (SO) up to the Post Good Issue stage to meet off taker's demand. Monitoring of the agreed timeline for the creation of SO and Delivery Note (DN) in accordance with the SOP.<div><br>5) Reporting</div><div>Lead the consolidation of accurate regular delivery report including weekly and monthly reports and as and when it is required by the management, as well as relevant data and analysis for operational improvement throughout the supply chain. Supporting role in consolidating and facilitating any reports required by the management.</div><div>6) Customer Feedback</div><div>Manage input and information with regards to customer feedback in a timely manner and troubleshoot any concerns related to the issues raised by the off taker. Lead the investigation into complaint received from customer and verify validity of the complaint by conducting comprehensive review of operational data, implement corrective and preventive action for any valid compliant and monitor closure of all action items by maintaining appropriate customer complaint database.</div><div>7) Leadership and capability development</div><div>Drive the development of competent working team that will enhance and sustain staff capabilities in achieving high performance delivery by determining talent requirements, instilling values of integrity, providing leadership and guidance and implementing internal successions to ensure internalization of the right leadership and capabilities in executing their jobs.</div><div>8) Continuous Improvement Program</div><div>Plan and control the implementation of a continuous improvement plan according to the department's initiative. These initiatives include cost saving measures, HSE improvement, operational efficiency and engage in strategic planning to improve work effectiveness throughout the whole supply chain.</div><div>9) Contract Risk Control and Implementation</div><div>Control the contract risk in logistics activities through identification and quantification of financial exposure of the logistics and distribution operational risks, recommend terms and conditions prior to contract conclusion, establish intervention measures to ensure business requirements of present and future are being met and service level being achieved.</div><div>10) Health, Safety and Environment</div>Lead the implementation of robust quality and HSE activities across logistics execution /operation among service providers in compliance to established and applicable standard and procedures and in-line with the&#160; company&#8217;s HSE policy and guidelines to avoid any HSE incidence, creating a harmonic and safe working environment with logistics work area.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Pengerang Refining And Petrochemical (PRefChem) is a strategic alliance of two of the world&#8217;s largest and most successful national oil companies - Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), the national oil company of Malaysia, and Saudi Aramco, the national oil company of Saudi Arabia. Together, we form an equal partnership in two joint ventures, namely Pengerang Refining Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Refinery &amp; Cracker Sdn Bhd) and Pengerang Petrochemical Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Polymers Sdn Bhd).</div>
<div>
		This smart partnership brings together secured resources, cutting edge technologies, a vast amount of experience, and commercial presence of two world-class companies in the operations of the refinery, cracker and selected petrochemical facilities in the Refinery And Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) Project which forms a significant part of the Pengerang Integrated Complex (PIC) in Malaysia&#8217;s southern state of Johor.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-plosc-operation-4448274?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4448274&sectionRank=16&token=0~1bc18f33-a2aa-4d5b-ab91-8047d02eb5b3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 