---
title: "ACHIEVE Career Consultant (M) Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 579A) Vacancies Personal Financial Banker (Basic + High Comm I Various Locations) - P8" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-22 
excerpt: "ACHIEVE Career Consultant (M) Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 579A) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Personal Financial Banker (Basic + High Comm I Various Locations) - P8 which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ACHIEVE Career Consultant (M) Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 579A) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Personal Financial Banker (Basic + High Comm I Various Locations) - P8</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>- Attractive remuneration scheme<br>&#160; (sales incentive, bonuses, incentive trip)<br>- 5 days working<br>- Career progression &amp; self development</strong></div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Achieve individual sales targets and contribute towards the achievement of the branch targets</li><li>Focus on the walk-in customers and tap on into the bank&#8217;s database to promote bancassurance products to the clients</li><li>Conduct fact finding, insurance need analysis for clients and ensure prompt advise and solutions are offered to clients</li><li>Deliver best sales practice and provide excellent customer service</li><li>Disciplined tracking of all sales activities</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Strong interest in financial planning and investment, and passionate about sales</li><li>Possess proven track sales record</li><li>Possess PCE/CEILI license will be an added advantage</li><li>Good communication and interpersonal skills</li><li>Require languages: <strong>Mandarin &amp; English&#160;</strong></li></ul><div><div>Interested candidates, please submit with your complete CV.</div><div>We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div>By submitting any application or resume to us, you will be deemed to have agreed and consented to us collecting, using, retaining and disclosing your personal information for the purpose of processing your application.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Founded in Singapore,&#160;Achieve Group is a multi award-winning organisation and HR outsourcing partner-of-choice for local conglomerates and multinational corporations within the Asia Pacific region. </strong><div><strong>The company was built on the strength of its Talent Acquisition expertise, servicing corporate clients across diverse industries. It is a sophisticated process, which the Achieve Group has perfected over the last&#160;three decades, making the brand synonymous with accurately matching the right people to the right organisation within the shortest time possible.&#160; Through these precise placements, we have enabled our clients' businesses to achieve greater heights of success by having the right talents onboard.</strong></div></div><div><div><strong>The ACHIEVE Group has garnered a number of prestigious accolades recently:</strong></div><div><strong>Human Resources &#8216;HR Vendors of the Year 2014&#8217;<br>Enterprise 50 Award 2011<br>ASEAN Business Award 2011</strong></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/personal-financial-banker-basic-high-comm-i-various-locations-p8-4428722?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428722&sectionRank=6&token=0~edb867b8-9f6c-44ec-925d-d652e1a4a829&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 