---
title: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Operations Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Operations Specialist which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Operations Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The Operation Specialist is responsible for timely movement of freight, compliant execution of all operational functions and satisfaction of clients through exceptional customer service</div><div><br><strong>Client Details</strong></div><div><br>Our client is a renowned service provider with more than 40 years of market presence.</div><div><br><strong>Description</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Oversee and coordinate all import and export activities/scheduling via liaison with clients, service providers and internal team to ensure customer satisfaction.<br>&#8226; Ensure all required documents are prepared on time and accurately which includes all customs related documents, updating the system, invoicing.<br>&#8226; Ensure all interactions with customers meets the company's customer service standards.<br>&#8226; Validating vendor invoices and accruals timely.<br>&#8226; Operate in accordance to all internal policies and procedures such as Cargo Wise Operational Process Standards and external government regulations or customer policies / requirements.<br>&#8226; Develop a good understanding of the operation process flow and identify areas for improvement by utilizing the tools provided by the Manager.<br>&#8226; Ensure that the team's KPI is met.<br>&#8226; Supporting the manager/supervisor which includes daily review of operational reports, auditing files on meeting operating process standards, evaluating vendors and determine areas of improvement, responding to requests for rates and wherever needed.</div><div><br><strong>Profile</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Minimum 3 years of experience and industry knowledge in related field.<br>&#8226; Proficiency in English (spoken and written)<br>&#8226; Strong interpersonal and communication skills<br>&#8226; Able to work independently and produce results within the given time frame<br>&#8226; Proficient in MS Office related software<br>&#8226; Strong knowledge in customs, government regulations, international freight operations<br>&#8226; Understanding of foreign currency, exchange rates, and credit policies.</div><div><br><strong>Job Offer</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Opportunity to be part of a globally renowned organisation<br>&#8226; Attractive package offered to the right candidate with many great benefits</div><div><br>To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Nicholas Tan on +603 2302 4082</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Whether you're searching for your dream job or looking to recruit the ideal person for your business, then we can help. At Michael Page we've been bringing job seekers and employers together for more than 30 years.</div><div><div>We employ specialist consultants for each job sector that we cover. This ensures every consultant is an expert on their specific industry and is able to offer expert advice to help find the right job for you. Our globally recognised brand attracts the highest quality employers from around the world ensuring that we always have a great range of jobs available.</div><div>So if you're looking to take your career to the next level, visit www.michaelpage.com.my</div><div><strong>About Michael Page</strong></div><div>Michael Page International is a leading professional recruitment consultancy specialising in the recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary positions on behalf of the world&#8217;s top employers. The Group operates through 155 offices in 35 countries worldwide. We have operations in the UK, Continental Europe, Asia Pacific and the Americas and focus on recruiting for the following sectors:<div><ul><li>Accounting</li><li>Banking</li><li>Engineering &amp; Manufacturing</li><li>Healthcare and Life Sciences</li><li>Human Resources</li><li>IT &amp; T</li><li>Legal</li><li>Marketing</li><li>Procurement &amp; Supply Chain</li><li>Property &amp; Construction&#160;</li><li>Sales</li><li>Secretarial &amp; Office Support</li></ul></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operations-specialist-4416216?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416216&sectionRank=28&token=0~a6e619a8-d72b-4379-aaa4-1ff499d46496&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 