---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies Head of Finance (Expatriate role)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-14 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Finance (Expatriate role) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Finance (Expatriate role)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>HEAD OF FINANCE BASED IN SOUTH EAST ASIAN COUNTRIES</strong><div><strong>Expatriate benefits such as housing, car &amp; driver.</strong></div><div><strong>Remuneration up to USD 6000 / RM25000 gross per month; Bonus is variable and performance based.</strong></div><div><br><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and manage the activities of the factory in the areas of accounting &amp; reporting, costs and budgets through the review of the operations and the criteria used for developing cost standards and expense budgets to establish an acceptable base for measuring product cost, expense control and factory performance.</li><li>Lead the annual budgeting and monthly forecasting review process.</li><li>Responsible for credit control, collection, cash flow management, treasury, cash flow planning, risk management, internal controls &amp; fraud reporting, IT functions.</li><li>Take charge of taxation matters - Corporate Tax, GST, Sales Tax and Transfer Pricing.</li><li>Finance business partnering through KPI and financial analysis for relevant stakeholders to ensure better awareness of financial implications when making commercial decisions.</li><li>Operate as finance focal point and leader for the global manufacturing and supply chain areas ensuring all monthly, quarterly, annual work streams are well-planned and coordinated, consistently on time, and accurate.</li><li>Manage the cost accounting team to deliver complete, accurate and timely forecasts, monthly close reporting, and variance analysis, and implement cost reduction programs.</li><li>Manage ongoing improvement in internal control, finance policies, and procedures to comply with Corporate&#8217;s policies.</li><li>Manage all aspects of accounting and finance in production control, sales, procurement, and logistics (shipping and receiving), and liaise with Corporate and Regional offices.</li><li>Responsible for KPI setting and performance review, R&amp;O reporting.</li><li>Also responsible for coaching and training of key staff members.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>MUST</strong> be willing to relocate to <strong>SEA countries.</strong></li><li><strong>At least 5 years </strong>of Financial / Accounting experience in <strong>commercial Manufacturing environment.</strong></li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree (ACCA; CPA), Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent.</li><li>Good command of English.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li><li>Minimum 5 years of managerial experience.</li><li>Full-Time Expatriate position.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>A <strong>Multinational</strong> manufacturing company with presence throughout America, Europe, and Asia.<div>Apply now for an opportunity to be based overseas within the <strong>South East Asia</strong> region and the opportunity to be transferred to its many global offices in multiple cities and countries.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-finance-expatriate-role-4423495?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4423495&sectionRank=15&token=0~9905ab9e-829d-449f-b78a-cd5b31f688f6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 