---
title: "Flex Vacancies Manufacturing Engineer - (WD099478)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manufacturing Engineer - (WD099478) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manufacturing Engineer - (WD099478)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;<a href="http://www.myworkday.com/flextronics/d/task/1422%2410410.htmld" target="_blank">here</a></b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Manufacturing Engineer </b>will be based in <b><b>Port Tanjung Pelepas, Gelang Patah, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for p<span>lans, directs, and coordinates manufacturing processes by providing technical support maintenance of manufacturing methods by performing the following duties in the manufacturing phase of the product lifecycle.</span></p><p><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><br><li>Passionate customer focus</li><br><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><br><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><br><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b></p><ul><li><span>Understand manufacturing and test equipment concepts, technologies and techniques</span></li><br><li><span>Designs manufacturing processes within schedule and budgetary parameters.</span></li><br><li><span>Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods.</span></li><br><li><span>Define equipment maintenance requirements, identify root-causes of equipment failures and develop hands-on maintenance skillsWork with other engineering stakeholders and customers on problem solving and continuous improvement to the design of equipment and products and may develop corrective and preventive action plans</span></li><br><li><span>May be involved in development and and update of PFMEA for new products</span></li><br><li><span>May participate in control plan development</span></li><br><li><span>Write and update work instructions and other documents (e.g. specifications, procedures,...)</span></li><br><li><span>Analyzes and&#160; designs layout of equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency.</span></li><br><li><span>Confers with production group concerning product design and tooling to ensure efficient production methods.</span></li><br><li><span>Coordinates with customers to determine product specifications and design changes and responds to customer request.</span></li><br><li><span>Provides information for management decisions from a technical and technical cost perspective.</span></li><br><li><span>Confers with management, engineering, and other staff regarding manufacturing capabilities, production schedules, and other considerations to facilitate production processes.</span></li><br><li><span>Applies statistical methods to estimate future manufacturing requirements and potential.</span></li></ul><p><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b></p><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><br><li>Minimum 1-3 years of working experience in the related field is required</li></ul><p>NS27</p><b>Job Category</b><br>Operations<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: <a target="_blank">accessibility@flex.com</a></span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b><a href="https://flex.com/other/recruitment-notice-english" target="_blank">Recruitment Privacy Notice</a><a href="https://flex.com/other/recruitment-notice-english" target="_blank"><b><b>.</b></b></a></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: <span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Flex is a leading sketch-to-scale&#8482; solutions company that designs and builds intelligent products for a connected world. With more than 200,000 professionals across 30 countries and a promise to help make the world Live Smarter&#8482;, the company provides innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, real-time supply chain insight and logistics services to companies of all sizes in various industries and end-markets.&#160;For more information please visit our careers page at <a href="http://www.flex.com" target="_blank">www.flex.com</a>.&#160;</p>
<ul><li><strong>Industry:&#160;</strong>Electrical / Electronic&#160;Manufacturing</li>
<li><strong>Type:&#160;</strong>Public Company</li>
<li><strong>NASDAQ</strong>: FLEX</li>
<li><strong>Headquarters:&#160;</strong>2 Changi South Lane, Singapore, 486123</li>
<li><strong>Company Size</strong>: 10,001+ employees</li>
<li><strong>Website:&#160;</strong><a href="http://www.flex.com/" target="_blank">www.flex.com</a></li> </ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manufacturing-engineer-wd099478-4420811?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420811&sectionRank=30&token=0~2bed4812-3996-414d-8fa9-a2ae19be0146&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 