---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) Vacancies Account Officer/ Executive/ Assistant Manager (Manufacturing)  - Urgent Hiring" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account Officer/ Executive/ Assistant Manager (Manufacturing)  - Urgent Hiring which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account Officer/ Executive/ Assistant Manager (Manufacturing)  - Urgent Hiring</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Company Offer:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Attractive Salary Package + Allowance</li><li>Opportunity enhanced learning</li><li>Friendly working environment</li></ul><div><strong>With the postion of&#160;</strong><strong>Account Assistant Manager/&#160;</strong><strong>Account Executive, you will need:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Handle full set of accounts and ensure timely closure of management accounts</li><li>Prepare monthly management reports and analyze financial information detailling revenue, cost and expenses</li><li>Responsible for management activities including fixed assets, budgeting, taxation &amp; etc</li><li>Maintain journal entries, analyses and reconciles general ledger, inter-co accounts, expenditures and revenue accounts.</li><li>Maintain proper accounting records and filling system</li><li>Liaise with external parties such as auditors, tax agents, banker, authorities and others</li></ul><div><strong>With the postion of&#160;</strong><strong>Account Officer</strong><strong>, you will need:</strong></div><ul><li>Maintaining financial records.</li><li>Handling accounts payable and receivable.</li><li>Checking invoices.</li><li>Resolving accounts to the general ledger.</li><li>Contacting clients about transactions and invoices.</li><li>Handling queries related to accounts.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Professional Certificate, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, <strong>Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Finance/Accountancy/Banking, Business Studies/Administration/Management, Commerce or equivalent.</strong></li><li>2-4 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior/ Senior/ Manager Executives specializing in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li><li>5 Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>We are a Boutique Recruitment Firm. Winners of HR Vendor of the Year 2018 #HRVOTHY2108 &amp; Recruitment Agency of the Year 2019 (Gold Winner) at Asia Recruitment Awards 2019.</strong><br><br>Jobbuilder prides itself as a boutique recruitment firm. We have been extremely successful focusing on recruiting for established and new start-up companies. We attributed that a large part of that success is thanks to the boutique firm&#8217;s structure.</div><div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd is a license recruitment agency (JTK2872)&#160;</strong>that plays an active role in providing recruitment services through rigorous efforts exercised by its dynamic workforce. Together with our associate companies, we provide a full range of HR services in terms of various recruitment services to fulfill our customer needed. We believe that the best HR solutions is done catering to the changing needs of customers from time to time. Therefore, we strive to be as innovative as possible when helping our customers to solve their problems. We started our business on the following specialisation:</div><div><ul><li>Executive Search and Selection</li><li>Manpower Outsourcing</li><li>Contract Staffing</li></ul></div><div>Do contact us for more details at www.jobbuilder.com.my or email us at <strong>marketing@jobbuilder.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Contact us: 07-2223334 / 011-55003334</strong><br>&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-officer-executive-assistant-manager-manufacturing-urgent-hiring-4420403?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420403&sectionRank=29&token=0~2bed4812-3996-414d-8fa9-a2ae19be0146&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 