---
title: "CIMB Group Vacancies Relationship Manager - Commercial Banking" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "CIMB Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Relationship Manager - Commercial Banking which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CIMB Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Relationship Manager - Commercial Banking</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Description&#160;</div><div><br>To actively lead the management of a portfolio of existing commercial business customers in a dynamic fashion by proactively deepening existing relationships whilst effectively weeding out weaker or potential distressed customers as well as adding new customers of the required quality and quantity in line with the Balance Sheet and Profit &amp; Loss objectives of Commercial Banking Division and the Group.</div><ul><li>Conduct customer profitability analysis and account strategy formulation with the help of product specialists, as required, for both existing and potential clients.</li><li>Execute the account strategy plan including cross-selling activities or phase-out activities.</li><li>Be the first-line primary contact person for the customer on all queries relating to credit,deposits and other products and services including on operational issues.</li><li>To develop and maintain professional customer relationships with key decision makers (viz.CEO, CFO, Head of Treasury, Head of HR etc).</li><li>To develop new business relationships by identifying suitable prospects and using various means of communication and visits to seek out suitable business opportunities.</li><li>To perform financial &amp; risk analysis, evaluation and decision-making and to submit well written credit presentations/memos/proposals for approval by the relevant Approving Authority based on the rules,regulations, policies, procedures and guidelines of the Bank and those of relevant regulatory authorities, as applicable.</li><li>Coordinate with other product lines, departments and units for overall development of the portfolio including tapping on cross-selling opportunities as well as ensuring prompt and proper delivery of relevant services.</li><li>To conduct a periodic health check on the portfolio of customers including but not limited to an annual review of the credit-worthiness of existing borrowing/financing accounts, to ensure and to confirm that all legal/security documentation is intact and legally enforceable, insurance policies are current and renewed on expiry, SHARP testing has been done appropriately and all covenants imposed are complied with.</li><li>To proactively monitor the asset quality of customers in the portfolio by detecting early warning signs and to promptly undertake or initiate debt/financing restructuring, rescheduling or legal recovery action, as applicable.</li><li>To prepare monthly reports, audit confirmation and any ad-hoc reports, as required.</li><li>To undertake any other related tasks as determined by the management of the Bank from time to time.</li></ul><div>Job Requirements&#160;</div><ul><li>Candidate should have a minimum of 3-5 years related working experience with a financial institution in a similar role</li><li>Strong analytical skills, including strong ability to analyze and understand financial statements</li><li>Strong negotiation and communication skills in English(both verbal and written)</li><li>Motivated, self-driven individual with strong commitment to integrity, professionalism and teamwork</li><li>Good understanding of the domestic and regional business environment will be an advantage</li><li>Able to work independently with less supervision</li></ul></div><div>Only Shortlisted Candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>CIMB Group</strong> is one of ASEAN&#8217;s leading universal banking groups and is Malaysia&#8217;s second largest financial services provider, by assets. It offers consumer banking, commercial banking, investment banking, Islamic banking and asset management products and services. Headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, the Group is present in all 10 ASEAN nations (Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, Cambodia, Brunei, Vietnam, Myanmar, Laos and Philippines). Beyond ASEAN, the Group has market presence in China, Hong Kong, India, Sri Lanka, Korea, the US and UK.
	<div>
		CIMB Group has the most extensive retail branch network in ASEAN approximately of 720 branches as at 30 September 2019. CIMB Group&#8217;s investment banking arm is also one of the largest Asia Pacific-based investment banks, offering amongst the most comprehensive research coverage around of 600 stocks in the region.</div>
	CIMB Group operates its business through three main brand entities, CIMB Bank, CIMB Investment Bank and CIMB Islamic. CIMB Group is also the 92.5% shareholder of Bank CIMB Niaga in Indonesia, and 94.8% shareholder of CIMB Thai in Thailand.
	<div>
		CIMB Group is listed on Bursa Malaysia via CIMB Group Holdings Berhad. It had a market capitalisation of approximately RM48.9 billion as at 30 September 2019. The Group has around 36,000 employees located in 16 countries</div>
</div>
<div>
	For more information, please visit www.cimb.com</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/relationship-manager-commercial-banking-4431837?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4431837&sectionRank=29&token=0~ac4f422c-efb1-4b49-bc7a-95b0ba7da1f2&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 