---
title: "timesconsult Vacancies Sales Specialist (Attractive Commission Scheme!!) @ Leading Bank" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-19 
excerpt: "timesconsult is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Specialist (Attractive Commission Scheme!!) @ Leading Bank which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>timesconsult is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Specialist (Attractive Commission Scheme!!) @ Leading Bank</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>&#10024;&#160;</strong><strong>Basic Salary + Attractive Monthly Commission + Other Attractive Banking Benefits</strong><br><strong>&#10024;&#160;</strong><strong>Product training will be provided</strong><br><strong>&#10024;&#160;</strong><strong>Career growth opportunity</strong><br><strong>&#10024;&#160;</strong><strong>Multiple vacancies available nationwide</strong></div><div><strong>&#10024;&#160;</strong><strong>Immediate interview arrangement !!</strong></div><div><strong>Responsibilities :</strong></div><ul><li>To promote financial, insurance &amp; investment-linked products to new and existing customers</li><li>To analyze financials needs of prospective customers and provide professional advice</li><li>Approaching potential customers by using different mediums, such as cold/warm calls, roadshows, walk-in customers, etc</li><li>Enthusiastic towards achieving sales targets &amp; high income level</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree / Diploma / Cert / SPM holder in any discipline</li><li><strong>Minimum 1 year&#160;</strong>of<strong> ANY SALES </strong>experience in <strong>any industry</strong></li><li><strong>Fresh diploma/ degree holders are welcome to apply</strong></li><li>Outspoken, sales driven and self-motivated. Hunger for high income potential&#160;</li><li>Possess own transport</li></ul><div><br>Interested candidates, please<strong> APPLY ONLINE</strong> or submit CV to<strong> career@timesconsult.com</strong>.&#160;</div><div><strong>* shortlisted candidates will be notified in 1 week's time</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Established since 2005, timesconsult had place many people to organization in Malaysia, Singapore &amp; Thailand.</div><div>With our team of dedidated and experiences recruiter, we strive to make every placement meaningful to both employer and jobseeker.</div><div>With timesconsult, you'll be assured of employment opportunity, experiences consultant working with you, knowledgeable information sharing and etc. Timescareer is a divisions which place mass hiring/ volume placement and we work with most multinational in town.</div><div>Talk with us today to find out how we can place you to organization which has been partnering with us.</div><div><strong>Our client is a well reputable bank with &gt; 200 branches located nationwide.&#160;</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-specialist-attractive-commission-scheme!!-@-leading-bank-4447593?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4447593&sectionRank=9&token=0~e1e7cdd9-fd49-4ed7-b818-65086ad3b75f&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 