---
title: "IACPR EXECUTIVE COMPASS Vacancies Head of Quality" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-10 
excerpt: "IACPR EXECUTIVE COMPASS is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Quality which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IACPR EXECUTIVE COMPASS is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Quality</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Acts as Site QMS Management Representative and maintain site auditing plans, procedures and activities to maintain compliance with internal and external requirements.</li><li>Directs the continued review of quality activities and the creation of new or revised processes to ensure quality improvements to reduce cost, enhance efficiency and align to company values.</li><li>Aligns quality function resources with site productivity efforts while ensuring all product quality and quality system compliance requirements are met and balanced with customer needs.</li><li>Provides ongoing communications and supports site management efforts to meet site and departmental KPIs.</li><li>Creates a proactive and dynamic quality team through coaching and mentoring of direct staff and the continual evaluation of quality organization effectiveness and relevant strategic site quality plans.</li><li>Maintains effective working relationships with internal and external customers.</li><li>Drives efforts to meet the company's cost of quality (COQ) reduction goals.</li><li>Helps to lead continuous improvement efforts with strong focus on process improvements and lessons learned.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree in any Science and Engineering field.</li><li>At least 10 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position. Preferably 5 years in quality management experience.</li><li>ASQ Certification is preferred.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>IACPR EXECUTIVE COMPASS</strong> is a member of one of the World's largest association of Executive Search professionals based in the USA. We are specialists in Executive Search and have taken the industry to new standards of quality. Our assignments cover Asia wide from Malaysia, Singapore, China, Thailand, India to the UAE.</div><div>Our team of trained professionals have built a successful track record of helping or clients build exceptional human capital resources through a combination of extended global reach, industry and regional expertise, functional depth, proven research and recruitment methodologies, strong client focus, teamwork and perseverance.</div><div>We serve a wide range of clients &#8211; from some of world&#8217;s largest multinational corporations, government linked corporations and global banks to hi-tech startups, consulting companies and venture capital firms. Our clients are spread globally and we have carried out search assignments in all major geographies.</div><div>Working in close partnership with our clients, we have helped them develop high-performance corporate teams and leadership capital. We have used a variety of engagement models to suit the requirements of each client/assignment. These include retained searches, contingency searches, advertised selection, consulting projects and recruitment outsourcing.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-quality-4415754?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4415754&sectionRank=15&token=0~e1763bbb-cae1-4c9e-8bbe-3424b95a3c75&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 