---
title: "EVERSPARK INDUSTRIES SDN BHD Vacancies HR & ADMIN EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-22 
excerpt: "EVERSPARK INDUSTRIES SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR & ADMIN EXECUTIVE which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>EVERSPARK INDUSTRIES SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR & ADMIN EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Assist HR Manager for the effective delivery for full spectrum of HR functions, including: recruitment and selection, performance management, compensation and benefits, and payroll.</li><li>Assist in recruitment matter, sourcing, scheduling of interview and help to follow up with short listed candidate(s).</li><li>Manage new recruitment and conduct induction.</li><li>Assists in drafting out all HR letters such as Letter of Offer, Salary Increment Letter, Promotion Letter, Termination Letter, etc.</li><li>To handle leave administration.</li><li>To process end month salary by processing the attendance report, verify OT, MC and also tabulation of prorated allowances entitlement and disseminate pay slips to the employees on time.</li><li>Handle all statutory matters like Income Tax, EPF and SOCSO submissions and queries.</li><li>Assist in conduct counselling, manage performance and disciplinary issues when necessary.</li><li>Maintain good filling system and Human Resource records for easy retrieval purposes.</li><li>To support overall administrative works for office to ensure smooth running of daily operation.</li><li>Handle in-house training and external training with proper HRDF submission.</li><li>Assist in office administration duties such as insurance, vehicle road tax and vehicle inspection schedule.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least SPM or Diploma in Business Admin., Human Resource Management or related discipline.</li><li>At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Knowledge of computerized payroll system. Knowledge in iFlexi HRMS will be the added advantage.</li><li>Knowledge in Labour Laws, EPF, SOCSO, Income Tax, HRDC and legal implications.</li><li>Analytical and meticulous with strong interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Able to interact with all levels of employees.</li><li>Able to work independently and under pressure to meet deadlines</li><li>Proficient in MS Office applications.</li><li>Preferably with ISO exposure</li><li>Extremely well organized and methodical approach to problem solving and able to manage filing/database system.</li><li>Able to maintain the highest degree on confidentiality and professional discretion.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are one of the leading manufacturers of rebuild starters and alternators in Malaysia, maintaining and re-manufacturing auto electrical components for various makes and model of vehicles. Our products are well accepted in markets far and wide, within the South-East Asia region and beyond, in the Middle East, South Africa, UAE, USA, Kenya, Egypt, Lebanon, Republic of Yamen, Chile, Spain, Portugal, Greece, as well as Europe. In line with the business expansion program, we are looking for enthusiastic, result-oriented and smart professionals to be part of our dynamic team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-admin-executive-4447989?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4447989&sectionRank=8&token=0~724d2ce7-b8b0-42c5-8fe2-674249136646&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 