---
title: "Kelly Contingent Workforce Recruitment Johor Bahru Vacancies IT Administrative Assistant - > RM2500 (PTP Gelang Patah)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "Kelly Contingent Workforce Recruitment Johor Bahru is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IT Administrative Assistant - > RM2500 (PTP Gelang Patah) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kelly Contingent Workforce Recruitment Johor Bahru is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IT Administrative Assistant - > RM2500 (PTP Gelang Patah)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Job Title: Sport Leader (IT)</div><div>&#8226;Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Engineering (Computer/Telecommunication) or equivalent.</div><div>&#8226;At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</div><div>&#8226;Applicants must be willing to work in Pelabuhan Tanjung Pelepas (PTP).</div><div>&#8226;Preferably Junior Executives specializing in IT/Computer - Network/System/Database Admin or equivalent.</div><div>&#8226;Full-Time position(s) available.</div><div><div>Roles Responsibilities:-<br>&#8226; Ensure the normal day-to-day operations with support and maintenance of the network, CCTV, Access Card, barrier, turn style, PA systems and security systems.<br>&#8226; Carrying out routine maintenance of IT equipment and maintaining asset lifecycle (licensing, inventory, purchase, upgrade and disposal).<br>&#8226; Responsible for taking over all aspects of maintenance, configuration, and reliable operation of the AS400 systems, servers, networking devices, Zebra scanner, tablet devices, RFID machine and CISCO AP/WLC.<br>&#8226; Communicate and establish the policies from French and China IT Teams to support standardization and efficiency to maintain systems security line with Decathlon best practice.<br>&#8226; Remain current with developments in the technology field and evaluate the feasibility of incorporating the newest solution into IT workflows, processes and procedures.<br>&#8226; Provide input to the IT Team infrastructure roadmap and strategy.<br>&#8226; Responsible for the delivery of projects and company initiatives on time and within budget.<br>&#8226; Manage vendors and contractors; hold them accountable for execution and work-related activities.<br>&#8226; Performed Server room audit, Software &amp; hardware audit and any related documentation for IT departments.<br>&#8226;&#160;&#160; Knowledge in data analysis will be advantageous.</div><br>SKILLS<br>&#8226; Self-independent and capable of working with minimum supervision.<br>&#8226; Any other duty and responsibility which the company may assign from time to time and on-call outside office hours<br>&#8226; Able to work under a demanding and high-pressured working environment with a due date.<br>&#8226; An extrovert, capable of contributing ideas and opinions when working in a group.<br>&#8226; Proactive, committed towards the organizational mission, objective and policies.<br>&#8226; Well in communication and motivated towards challenging a new thing.<br>&#8226; An extrovert, capable of contributing ideas and opinions when working in a group or teamwork.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>As a company recognized for longstanding excellence in the recruitment industry, we hold an enviable reputation of working in partnership with our clients and candidates to provide an individual and personalized service. In our quest to be the best workforce solutions provider and to be sustainable, this has driven innovation resulting in new services and business opportunities for us.</div><div>As a global leader in providing workforce solutions, we and our subsidiaries offer a comprehensive array of outsourcing and consulting services as well as world-class staffing on a temporary, temporary-to-hire and direct-hire basis. We globally directly employs 500,000 people around the world in addition to having a role in connecting thousands more with work through its global network of talent supplies and partners.</div><div>As an industry pioneer for the past 65 years, we set foot here in 1984. For over 30 years, we have been keeping up with global workforce challenges, defining and solving specific workforce needs with solutions that ticks the right boxes. Today, our range of workforce solutions and geographic coverage have grown steadily over the past 70 years to match the needs of our customers.</div><div>We operates from multiple strategic locations specializing in the commercial office, call centre, industrial, executive, banking and finance, engineering, information technology and outsourcing markets. We specialise in placing professionals in permanent positions across both technical disciplines and functional specialties:</div><div><br>&#8226; BANKING &amp; FINANCIAL SERVICES<br>&#8226; CONTACT CENTRE<br>&#8226; ENGINEERING<br>&#8226; HUMAN RESOURCES<br>&#8226; INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY<br>&#8226; OFFICE SUPPORT<br>&#8226; PROCUREMENT, SUPPLY CHAIN &amp; LOGISTICS<br>&#8226; SALES &amp; MARKETING</div><div>Kelly Services (M) Sdn Bhd (A PERSOLKELLY Company) Company Reg. No 122114-P</div><div><br>1 Full-Time position available. Position based in Gelang Patah.</div>Salary shall commensurate with candidate's experience and track records of achievements. Interested candidates, please apply via apply now button below.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/it-administrative-assistant-%3E-rm2500-ptp-gelang-patah-4425668?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4425668&sectionRank=24&token=0~3578cd35-1363-4026-bf8c-6608e50f3597&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 