---
title: "AceTalent Staffing Solutions Sdn Bhd Vacancies Maintenance Manager | Kulai" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-28 
excerpt: "AceTalent Staffing Solutions Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Maintenance Manager | Kulai which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AceTalent Staffing Solutions Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Maintenance Manager | Kulai</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Daily supervision of the maintenance teams realizing diligence and excellence.</li><li>Check daily status of repairs and set-ups and prioritize activities according to customer demands.</li><li>Strategize site objectives to an active working plan to realize OEE, cost and delivery targets.</li><li>Prepare the annual maintenance budget and capital expenditure proposals as well as ensuring compliance with legal standards. Manage the budget from identification to completion of projects.</li><li>Work as part of the Management team to share ideas and improve operations by recommending supporting and implementing continuous improvement activities focusing on OEE improvements.</li><li>Standardize improvements via SOP creation.</li><li>Prepare and share Maintenance requirements (e.g. SMED, MTTR, MTBF) for new process and equipment development projects.</li><li>Take part in gate reviews of equipment and process change and development processes and drive the execution of the Maintenance requirements.</li><li>Maintain all machinery or equipment to ensure it&#8217;s at working standards and it proven capability.</li><li>Develop a Planned Preventative Maintenance (PPM) schedule, ensure full preventative maintenance is carried out, plan in missed maintenance activities, and lead the team to deliver effectively.</li><li>Ensure that the function operates in accordance with any health, safety and environmental policies and procedures.</li><li>To maintain Maintenance procedures and ensure comply to ISO standard</li><li>Provide technical expertise to the team and other support function.</li><li>Determine and deploy training needs.</li><li>Consistently promote high standards through personal example and roll out through the team so that each member of the team understands the standards and behaviors expected of them.</li><li>To ensure machine spare parts and process equipment availability.</li><li>Work with relevant department on obsoleted machine spare part.</li><li>Develop, implement and manage key performance indicators (KPIs) for each area of maintenance responsibility.</li><li>Support PFMEA during development and change projects.</li><li>Take part in MRB and drive accurate handling of NCR&#8217;s within the maintenance team.</li><li>Any other task that assigned by the direct supervisor.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Engineering (Mechanical or Electrical and Electronics).</li><li>Practitioner on continuous improvement technique e.g, sig sixma, kaizen, poka yoke, SMED, Lean.</li><li>3 - 5 years of management experience in the engineering and/ or maintenance of high tech equipment.</li><li>Experience in planning and implementation for the Preventive Maintenance on the Mechanical, Pneumatic and Electronic components.</li><li>Good knowledge in Robotics, PLC, AutoCAD and Solid works is an advantage.</li><li>Familiar working with CMMS and OEE analysis.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Please be informed that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</em></strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>AceTalent is located at the heart of Johor Bahru, Malaysia. With our head office is located in Kuching, Sarawak.</div>
<div><br>
Over the years, we have successfully provided fully integrated manpower services such as Permanent,<br>
Contract &amp;Temporary recruitment and staffing solutions to multinational corporations and local conglomerates from different industries within the South East Asia region.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/maintenance-manager-%7C-kulai-4413515?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4413515" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 