---
title: "Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd Vacancies Associate, Customer & Agent Service Centre, Johor Bahru - (200001HK)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-23 
excerpt: "Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Associate, Customer & Agent Service Centre, Johor Bahru - (200001HK) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Associate, Customer & Agent Service Centre, Johor Bahru - (200001HK)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span><span><strong><span>Discover the GREAT in your career.</span></strong></span></span></p><p><span><span>As a LIFE company, our customers are at the heart of all that we do. Being one of Asia's leading insurer for over a century, we have built a long-lasting legacy of trust with our customers over many generations. At the foundation of this trust is <strong>Integrity, Initiative, </strong>and <strong>Involvement</strong> - from the way we treat every customer relationship with honesty and transparency, to our proactive approach of delivering the best possible solutions in both life and general insurance.</span></span></p><p><span><span><strong>Integrity, Initiative, </strong>and <strong>Involvement </strong>is what guides us. It is what makes us do the right thing, take the lead, and choose 'we' over 'me'. Our mission is to make life great for our customers because we understand what matters most to them, and we know how to help them protect it.</span></span></p><p><span><span>As a purpose-driven organisation committed to providing the best service and support to our policyholders, we are seeking a dedicated <strong>Customer Service Associate </strong>to join our team in our <strong>Customer &amp; Agent Service Centre </strong>in <strong>Johor Bahru Branch (Johor)</strong>. In this people-centric role, you will be fronting both agents and policyholders and provide a one-stop service solution that is in line with the organisation's vision and mission towards delivering exceptional customer service.</span></span></p><p><span><span><strong>The Role:</strong></span></span></p><ul><li><span><span>Attend to enquiries of customers and agents and ensure expectations are being fulfilled</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Ensure compliance with Branch Operational Guide</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Meet deadline and service turnaround time set</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Understand new products, procedures and guidelines to be able to explain to customers</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Attend to enquiries and complaints and follow through for effective resolution</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Monitor claims approved by Head Office</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Process data-entry; prepare endorsements and check reports in an accurate and a timely manner</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Ensure timely despatch of reports and correspondence</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Assist and relief Executive whenever the need arises</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Liaise with customer service officer or personnel from Head Office for clarifications and/or any requirements</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Liaise with hospitals/clinics for medical reports required for claims</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Conserve policies through client retention efforts</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>To be relief in Agency Service Centre, Finance and Customer Service Centre whenever needs arises</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Any other ad-hoc assignments</span></span></li></ul><p><span><span><strong>The Person:</strong></span></span></p><ul><li><span><span>Possess a recognised degree in any discipline, preferably in Management, Insurance, Business Studies, Administration or related fields, or ACS, ACII, AMII, AII or equivalent</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Has minimum 1-2 years working experience, preferably in customer service or Life Underwriting</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Excellent written and verbal skills (English)</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Able to converse in other languages will be an added advantage</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Proficient in Microsoft Office</span></span></li><br><li><span><span>Strong collaboration and interpersonal skills</span></span></li></ul><p><span><span>Great Eastern Malaysia is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity, and all qualified applicants shall receive a fair and equal consideration for employment.</span></span></p><p><span><span><strong>Location</strong>: Johor Bahru Branch (Johor)</span></span></p><p><span><span><strong>Entity: </strong>Great Eastern Life Malaysia</span></span></p><p><span><span><strong>Employment Type: </strong>Permanent</span></span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Great Is Empowering Individuals</strong></div>
<div>
<br>
		We believe in making life great for our employees and empowering them to reach their potential in everything they do.<br>
<br>
		With&#160; over 100 years of financial expertise and success, we are the largest life insurer in the country, serving and protecting millions of Malaysian families throughout their lives with our comprehensive policies since its establishment in 1908. A wholly-owned subsidiary of Great Eastern Holdings Limited, Great Eastern Life has RM79.6 billion in assets, over 3 million policies in force, 21 operational branches, and a network of 19,000 agents nationwide.<br>
		As a member of the OCBC Group, we work closely with our parent company in Bancassurance partnerships, and also offer general and Takaful insurances through Great Eastern General Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad (GEGM) and Great Eastern Takaful Berhad (GETB). For employees looking to further progress in their careers, we offer inter-company career mobility opportunities across the Group regionally.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/associate-customer-agent-service-centre-johor-bahru-200001hk-4410824?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4410824" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 