---
title: "Creative Stationery Sdn Bhd Vacancies Inventory Control Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-02 
excerpt: "Creative Stationery Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Inventory Control Officer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Creative Stationery Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Inventory Control Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Role and Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>The inventory officer is responsible for preparing the purchase orders, receiving, issuing the goods, managing the stock levels and giving out the supplies from the stock.</li><li>Preparing the inventories, maintaining the stock records, using computerized systems for entering the records and is accountable for checking the supply invoices with the purchase orders.</li><li>Responsible for preparing the reports on adjustments done to inventories that may be damaged, spoilt, etc., and coordinates the purchasing, inventory and warehousing functions.</li><li>Finds out sources of supply and is responsible for obtaining quotes from the suppliers as well.</li><li>Makes sure to get rid of the surplus or obsolete stock.</li><li>To maintain record of receipts as well as issuance of items that are going out of the warehouse so as to ensure accuracy and completeness</li><li>To be involved in reconciliation of physical stock with the stock in the system</li><li>To oversee that the arrangement of goods has been done in an orderly system within the stock location system so that the stock can be stored easily and retrieved whenever there is a requirement. Similarly, he/she ensures that the stocks stay physically protected in the warehouse</li><li>To undertake the function of stock taking and confirm the periodic stock on a regular basis by working closely with the designated staff members</li><li>To supervise the offloading process, the subsequent arrangement of merchandise, material, etc., and consignment so that it can be accessed and identified easily</li><li>To ensure the correct and timely valuation of the inventory and to be involved in directing and managing procedures related to offloading, packing and unpacking</li><li>Assist with product knowledge and job training of team members</li><li>Assist with coordination and implementation of orientation programme for new recruits</li><li>Constantly monitor inventory levels to reduce stock outs, slow-moving and obsolete items</li><li>Track shipments and keep the records up-to-date on a day-to-day basis</li><li>Manage and maintain inventory audits on a regular basis</li><li>Ensure purchases do not exceed budget</li><li>Build and maintain good relationships with vendors</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications and Education Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate with a Bachelor's Degree required</li><li>Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Applications</li><li>Knowledge in Autocount would be an added advantage</li><li>At least 0 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Preferably Entry Level specialized in Purchasing/Inventory/Material &amp; Warehouse Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English. (Mandarin would be an added advantage)</li></ul><p><strong>Preferred Skills</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>High level of organizational skills, initiative and integrity</li><li>Highly organized, meticulous with a sharp attention to details.</li><li>You are also required to perform the duties as may prescribed by the Company from time to time.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Senai, Johor</li><li>Have own transport.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Inventory Control for this job position.</li><li><strong><em>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</em></strong></li></ul><p><strong>Additional Notes :</strong></p><p><strong>Application Deadline: 11/12/2020</strong></p><p><strong>Expected Start Date: Preferably able to start work immediately</strong></p><ul><li>Working Hours: 8.30 am &#8211; 6.00 pm (Mon &#8211; Fri)</li><li>Working day: 5 days&#8217; work</li><li>Location: Taman Teknologi Johor, 81400 Senai, Johor.</li><li><strong>Interested applicant, kindly send your latest cover letter complete with your updated resume and certificate to contact number 012-723 5366 (HR)</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>Company Overview</strong></div>
<div>CREATIVE STATIONERY SDN BHD holds a stationery brand of <strong>ASTAR </strong>and has been making its path in the stationery market for <strong>20 years</strong> to date. Product quality and people-centric approach have always been at the core of our objective. We aim to offer a wide range of quality guaranteed, well-designed, functional <strong>stationery</strong> at economical prices so that as many people as possible can afford buying and use it every day.</div>
<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Commenced as a public limited company, we are becoming more innovative in our production, and with the comprehensive support from more than 700 clients, we managed to expand this business into a brand carrying more than 2,500 products in present days.</div>
<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; <strong>We specialize in supplying stationery, arts &amp; graphic materials for schools and office usage and also sports equipment</strong> which are stringently selected from our warehouse or some of the best manufacturers around the globe. <strong>We believe that service and product quality are equally important.</strong> Every single product needs to through layers of examinations to be tested for its functionality and performance.</div>
<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Our work in the stationery industry has demonstrated significant achievement, and garnered lasting trusts from our retails clients and end users. Our goal is not only to trade, but also to bond a friendly relationship with all our clients.&#160;</div>
<div><strong>ASTAR, Colour Up Your Mood, Kick Start Your Work!</strong></div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/inventory-control-officer-4435341?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4435341&sectionRank=4&token=0~00ff35fb-b46d-4d5f-89c9-b99fbaa80f19&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 