---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd Vacancies Relationship Manager (Premier Banking, Nationwide) Basic up to 9K + Comm" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-08 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Relationship Manager (Premier Banking, Nationwide) Basic up to 9K + Comm which positioned at Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Sabah, Klang/Port Klang, Petaling Jaya, Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Sabah, Klang/Port Klang, Petaling Jaya, Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Relationship Manager (Premier Banking, Nationwide) Basic up to 9K + Comm</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Client's Profile</strong></div><div>We are currently representing our client which is one of the <strong>largest fully integrated financial services group</strong> in Malaysia that <strong>provides a wide array of financial products and services through its numerous subsidiaries</strong>. Our established client is looking for dynamic and result oriented candidates for the role of <strong>Premier Relationship Manager (Premier Banking)</strong>.</div><div><strong>Roles and Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Create relationship management of existing Premier Banking customers in accordance with established standards.</li><li>Develop strategic planning towards Branch&#8217;s business development, promote Wealth Management products</li><li>Provide professional consultation to premier customers (mass market) which including wealth management products, structured investment products, credit card etc</li><li>Develop new marketing initiatives to support and drive the Company&#8217;s sales and business growth and enhance profitability.</li><li>Achieve the Branch&#8217;s overall sales targets and objectives as well as the sales/ business targets set for the department.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Diploma/ Degree in any diciplines with comprehensive Sales Background</strong></li><li>At least <strong>2-3 years of relevant banking sales experience with good product knowledge</strong></li><li>Able to interact with customers from all walks of life</li></ul><div><strong>Valid Certificates / Licenses (Must-have):</strong></div><ul><li>Investor Protection Professional Certification (IPPC)</li><li>FIMM Computerised Unit Trust Examination (CUTE)&#160;</li><li>Pre-Contract Examination for Insurance Agent (PCE)&#160;</li><li>Certificate Examination for Investment-Linked Life Insurance (CEILI)&#160;</li><li>Takaful Basic Examination (TBE)&#160;</li></ul><div>Please apply online or alternatively email your resume to <strong>angeladory@asiarecruit.com.my</strong></div><div>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>It is <strong>Asia Recruit's</strong> (<strong>www.asiarecruit.com.my</strong>) vision to enrich people's lives through a better employment opportunities and to provide companies with quality HR consultancy and solutions that help them to get the right candidate, increase productivity, improve efficiency and manage the bottom line.</div><div>As a licensed recruitment agency in Selangor, Melaka and Johor, with license no: JTK 1867, JTK 2467 &amp; JTK 2623 and Endorsan 775, under the Ministry of Human Resources, Malaysia, we represent our clients, <strong>locally and internationally </strong>from small to large multinational organisations from various industries such as oil and gas, manufacturing, call centre, telecommunication, healthcare, technology, FMCG and many more with specialisation in the areas of human resources, accounting, customer service, engineering, IT, administration, sales, marketing, etc.</div><div>For more job listing from our companies, please visit <strong>http://www.jobstreet.com.my/career/asiarecruit.htm</strong>.</div><div>Our established client is looking for dynamic and result oriented candidate to fill their current job opening.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Sabah, Klang/Port Klang, Petaling Jaya, Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/relationship-manager-premier-banking-nationwide-basic-up-to-9k-comm-4438969?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4438969&sectionRank=21&token=0~e77e977c-a413-4f53-af5b-e15a407bc466&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 