---
title: "EPS Malaysia Vacancies QA Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "EPS Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>EPS Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Duties &amp; Responsibilities :</strong></div><ul><li>Contribute to the workplace safety and health improvement for the employees, as well as environmental protection, by adhering to the company&#8217;s Environmental, Health and Safety policies and procedures, and helping to achieve EHS objectives and targets through participation of EHS programs.</li><li>Liaise with customer on quality and RMA issues (CAR, audits, etc.) including attending to periodic reviews.</li><li>Execute activities to be carried out by QE in accordance with the SOP on NPI ,Prod Eng, Process Eng on all new project and quality issues such as evaluation of manufacturing process, reject investigation, corrective action to reduce the customer belt reject and field return for continuous improvement.</li><li>Lead and solve internal quality challenge such as OQA fallout, reliability test rejects and verify first level analysis by Process Eng on production line fallout before triggering the SQE for vendors&#8217; action.</li><li>Lead and monitor product quality performance, take necessary action to meet the set target.</li><li>Prepare weekly yield reports for customers, monthly / quarterly quality meeting presentations materials.</li><li>Generate quality plan, control plans, procedures, work instruction for overall quality control and coordinate on effective implementation for such plans, procedures or instructions.</li><li>Ensure failure analysis and evaluations are carried out satisfactorily to identify the root cause and drive for closure of corrective actions for internal/external corrective action requests and reliability test rejects. Recommend and initiate continual improvement measures.</li><li>Conduct briefing to Engineer and inspector on daily production and quality issues.</li><li>Conduct quality training/ cross training and certification of inspectors/ technicians/Engineer.</li><li>Conduct meetings and audits to see that purge orders are carried out per procedure.</li><li>Assist to external audits such as UL, TUV, CCC and others.</li><li>Assist engineering change/production part approval are implemented in accordance to Quality Plan for NPI procedure.</li><li>Promote the pervasive use of SPC tools, initiate reaction plan for out of control situations and implement continuous improvement plans.</li><li>Prepare monthly (Business Review) and quarterly (QBR) meeting presentations materials.</li><li>Responsible for QA documentation for the business line.</li><li>Others Supplier Management activities that under your roles.</li></ul><div><strong>Education &amp; Experienced :</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in Electronics / Electrical / Mechanical Engineering with six years of hands-on EMS quality working environment with experience in handling of good customer satisfaction. Independent and good technical problem solving skill working with cross-functional team and supplier.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>EPS Malaysia is a leading recruitment, outsourcing and search specialist offering <strong>INNOVATIVE, COST-EFFECTIVE </strong>and <strong>VALUE-ADDED</strong> services to our customers and business partners. Our range of services includes:</div><ul><li>General, Professional and Executive Search</li><li>Managed Services / Manpower Outsourcing</li><li>Recruitment Process Outsourcing</li><li>Payroll Outsourcing</li></ul><div>With regional presence and offices around Asia Pacific, we have worked with many reputable organizations including multi-national corporations, government agencies and local companies to meet with their manpower requirements.&#160; Our long customer list and being awarded with <strong>ISO 9001:2015</strong> standards and multiple achievement awards within the industry is a strong testimony of our track record and professionalism.</div><div>For more details, please visit http://www.eps.my</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-manager-4416231?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416231&sectionRank=25&token=0~a6e619a8-d72b-4379-aaa4-1ff499d46496&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 