---
title: "Q & M Dental Group (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Mid-Level PHP Developer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "Q & M Dental Group (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mid-Level PHP Developer which positioned at Johor, Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Johor, Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Q & M Dental Group (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mid-Level PHP Developer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for a <strong>PHP developer</strong> to join our dynamic company with a mission to inspire ethical healthcare. We are a company that seeks to provide comprehensive dental healthcare services in Asia Pacific, equipping everymen with treatment plan knowledge through the use of technology. Candidate should be passionate about <strong>technology and building sustainable web and mobile solutions</strong> that are integrated into our healthcare ecosystem. Candidate should be a team player who <strong>recommends and proposes solutions</strong> in our integrated ecosystem. In this position, candidate will <strong>develop PHP web application</strong> for our enterprise-class solutions. An organized, detail-oriented work ethic is a must.</p><p><strong>You will play an important role in:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Designing, developing, debugging and supporting</strong>&#160;web applications and their infrastructure.</li><li>Producing materials to&#160;<strong>support technical documentations</strong>, including code documentations.</li><li><strong>Creating technical design documents</strong>&#160;from business and technical requirements, and describe levels of effort involved.</li><li><strong>Handling integration</strong>&#160;of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers.</li><li>Experience in supervised learning AI models is a plus.</li><li>Understanding the dynamics and practices in<strong>working with development environment versus a production environment</strong>.</li><li>Must have an&#160;<strong>acute awareness for security and breaches</strong>&#160;in the application development.</li></ul><p><strong>To be successful in this role, you will need to have:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Strong knowledge of PHP</strong>&#160;web frameworks such as Laravel framework and MySql.</li><li><strong>3 - 5&#160;years of experience in PHP coding</strong>.</li><li>Understanding of&#160;the full synchronous behavior of PHP, MVC design patterns.</li><li>Ability to&#160;<strong>troubleshoot, test and maintain</strong>&#160;the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality.</li><li>Understanding of machine interface technologies like<strong>XML, JSON and REST API&#8217;s.</strong></li><li>At least&#160;<strong>basic familiarity with at least 1 of the large cloud hosting</strong>&#160;ecosystems (AWS, Azure,CenturyLink, etc).</li><li>Familiarity with&#160;<strong>SQL/NoSQL databases</strong>&#160;and their declarative query languages.</li></ul><p>Applicants who are interested in this role are invited to apply with their comprehensive resume, stating their current and expected salary via "Apply Now" button.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Q&amp;M Dental Group was first established in November 1996 in Singapore. To date, we have firmly established our brand name in Singapore, and built a reputation as an established and reliable dental healthcare services provider with multi-disciplinary expertise. From a single clinic with one dentist at Bukit Batok back in 1996, we now have more than 70 clinics strategically located island-wide. In November 2009, Q&amp;M was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Singapore Exchange.Q&amp;M has expanded its footprint into Malaysia with more than 30 clinics located in Klang Valley, Malacca and Johor. It also owns the leading dental supplies and equipment distribution company in Malaysia,&#160;AR Dental Supplies.Thanks to our modern dental facilities and the adoption of the latest dental innovations and technologies, Q&amp;M is well positioned to offer a comprehensive range of primary care dental services, as well as specialist services. Whether you are seeking treatment for tooth whitening, dental veneers or Invisalign clear aligners, you will find these services and more at our dental clinics throughout the whole of Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mid-level-php-developer-4451330?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451330&sectionRank=10&token=0~001fbd9c-6e64-4e88-a2d0-369ccad8856b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 