---
title: "Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies General Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the General Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>General Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Responsibilities</p><ul><li>Provide leadership and direction on all the activities to achieve optimum efficiency and cost effectiveness through the development, implementation and coordination of business strategies.</li><li>Develop the markets and grow the regional business through direct management of key accounts and agents/deals, with direct responsibility for some of the markets.</li><li>Work closely with the manufacturing facilities to ensure total customer satisfaction and coordinate to follow up on all customer issue and problem.</li><li>Plan and implement annual budget and Capital expenditure for the group&#8217;s operations and continuously develop and execute action plans to increase market share and profitability.</li><li>Deploy resources optimally through the general management of various functional areas.</li><li>Ensure that excellent corporate governance is maintained at all times.</li><li>Position and promote the company and its brand in the industry favorably.</li><li>Monitoring and make sure all department managers follow the company system flow chart and liaise with other departments of the company to ensure that the overall objectives of the company are met.</li><li>Able to communicate at all levels, and develop well in a multicultural fast-paced and result-oriented environment.</li><li>Ensure smooth and efficient running of the factory.</li><li>Convene management meeting Departmental performance to discuss the various operational matters.</li><li>Coordinate improvement efforts to reduce the number of production waste.</li><li>Ensure a proper quality system is in place to meet the company&#8217;s objectives and customer&#8217;s expectation.</li><li>To perform any other tasks which may assigned or directed by top management from time to time</li></ul><p>Job Requirements</p><ul><li>Excellent Sales and After-Sales skills with capability of presenting cost and time effective solutions to customers including a proactive quality service attitude.</li><li>Possess strong integrity and professionalism in working with and motivating customers, suppliers and the staff.</li><li>Demonstrate a strong / high interpersonal skill and is able to articulate well.</li><li>Possess high energy personality, able to work independently and take up responsibilities within project-based work streams.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>The success of Tidy Group was sparked off by the incorporation of Tak Lee Trading in 1982 under the sole proprietorship of Mr. Lim Kee Tan, in trading furniture hardware, fittings and accessories. Today, Tidy Group, fortified with its own factories and affiliates companies, is a far cry from its small beginnings as a trading company. The Group has not only successfully built its strength in establishing an active sales network throughout Malaysia; but its products are currently present in the global markets. Through the support of a competent management team backed by their vast industry experiences, both in Malaysia and China, Tidy Group takes pride in its capability to expand and offer an extensive range of products from internationally recognized brands to serve the needs of the local market : - Furniture locks, fittings, hardware and accessories Electronic locks and accessories Drawer runner systems Wet tissues, non-woven fabric and sofa accessories In Tidy, customers often regarded us as their reliable and strategic business partner for their business.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/general-manager-4428072?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428072&sectionRank=7&token=0~91ed01a8-cb65-41c9-887c-9573e698007e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 