---
title: "Flex Vacancies Finance Manager - (WD101828)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Manager - (WD101828) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Manager - (WD101828)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Finance Manager,</b>&#160; based in <b>Senai, Johor</b>&#160; is&#160;responsible for<span>&#160;coordinating/managing all activities related to month end, forecasting and budgeting of the incumbent organization in order to ensure accurate financial statements and forecasting in support of the business and in compliance with the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining systems, procedures and policies in order to ensure accurate data that is in compliance with corporate and legislative requirements.</span></p><p><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates</b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do</b></p><ul><li>Directs preparation of budgets, reviews budget proposals and prepares necessary supporting documentation and justification.</li><li>Generates and reports an accurate twelve-month rolling financial forecast.</li><li>Prepares reports which summarize and forecast company business activity and financial position in areas of income, expenses and earnings based on past, present and expected operations.</li><li>Establishes or recommends to management strategies, objectives and policies for company.</li><li>Prepares detailed financial analysis and projections at the project and site level.</li><li>Directs preparation of studies, reports and analyses in areas such as budgets, forecasts, financial plans, governmental requirements, statistical reports, cash flow projections and business forecasts.</li><li>Generates Inter-company vouchers (ICV) between Flex Divisions.</li><li>Ensures Sarbanes Oxley compliance in accordance with Flex standard policy and procedures for financial reporting.</li><li>Supports the audit of company accounts.</li><li>Interprets and applies financial policies, governmental legislation, accounting theory or customer financial regulations.</li><li>Provides senior leadership team with timely reviews of organization's financial status and progress in its various programs and activities.</li><li>Advises management on desirable operational adjustments, identifying trends and recommends improvements accordingly. Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities, risks and profitability improvement strategies.</li><li>Coordinates with all levels of management to gather, analyze, summarize and prepare recommendations regarding acquisition activity and new business planning.</li><li>Conducts special studies to analyze complex financial actions and prepares recommendations for policy, procedure, control or action.</li><li>Researches and prepares economic reports on subjects such as rate of return, depreciation, working capital requirements, investment opportunities, investment performance and impact of governmental requirements.</li><li>Prepares presentations including quarterly business reviews, annual budgets and long term strategic planning initiatives.</li><li>Establishes operational objectives and assignments.</li><li>Provides feedback and coaching to finance team.</li><li>Implements appropriate HR Strategies and actions to recruit and retain a qualified and motivated workforce.</li></ul><p><b>Here is some of what you'll need</b></p><ul><li>Bachelor degree or Masters degree in Finance or equivalent</li><li>Minimum&#160;10&#160;years of working experience&#160; in accounting &amp; finance, preferably in the manufacturing industry</li><li>Professional qualification such as ACCA/CA/CPA is an added advantage</li><li>Fluent English with excellent communications skills both written and verbal</li><li>Good knowledge&#160;and application&#160;of Malaysian GAAP and US GAAP</li><li>Must have excellent communication and leadership skills.</li><li>Ability to operate&#160;office software including word processing, advanced spreadsheets, presentation packages and database systems.</li></ul><p><span>NS27</span></p><p><span>#LI-NI1</span></p><b>Job Category</b>Finance<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: <span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Flex is a leading sketch-to-scale&#8482; solutions company that designs and builds intelligent products for a connected world. With more than 200,000 professionals across 30 countries and a promise to help make the world Live Smarter&#8482;, the company provides innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, real-time supply chain insight and logistics services to companies of all sizes in various industries and end-markets.&#160;For more information please visit our careers page at www.flex.com.&#160;</p>
<ul><li><strong>Industry:&#160;</strong>Electrical / Electronic&#160;Manufacturing</li>
<li><strong>Type:&#160;</strong>Public Company</li>
<li><strong>NASDAQ</strong>: FLEX</li>
<li><strong>Headquarters:&#160;</strong>2 Changi South Lane, Singapore, 486123</li>
<li><strong>Company Size</strong>: 10,001+ employees</li>
<li><strong>Website:&#160;</strong>www.flex.com</li> </ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-manager-wd101828-4428664?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428664&sectionRank=29&token=0~91ed01a8-cb65-41c9-887c-9573e698007e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 