---
title: "Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Mobile Marketing Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-04 
excerpt: "Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mobile Marketing Officer which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mobile Marketing Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Immediate Vacancies for Mobile Marketing Officers (MMO) &#8211; 30 Vacancies (Multiple locations)</strong></div><div><strong>Location : Sabah, Sarawak, Labuan &amp; West Malaysia</strong></div><div><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></div><div>MMO is a position of high integrity with good and strong values. The individual is expected to be a team player. It also requires the person to have good product knowledge, competency, experience and relationship management skills. Actively market and sell all core products to Merchantrade&#8217;s customers. The MMO executes selling process, which involves identifying and recommending products to customers.</div><div><br><strong>KEY PRODUCTS</strong><br>&#8226; CICO merchant<br>&#8226; CICO wallet registration<br>&#8226; CICO audit<br>&#8226; MVNO<br>&#8226; MM card</div><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div><strong>1. Sales Management</strong></div><div>o Deepening and broadening a more profitable relationship with merchants / customers.<br>o Expanding on new customer base through effective marketing activities.<br>o Effective at increasing targeted customer segments through the executions of an effective sales process.<br>o Set appointments, carry out sales and prospecting and early engagement with new to MTA&#8217;s customers.<br>o Prepare and proactively execute sales plans<br>o Conduct a half yearly audit to merchants and give advisory to reevaluate if required.<br>o Execute sales performance and tracking processes by:<br>&#160; &#160;- Participating in sales management routines where sales targets will be reviewed with immediate superior<br>&#160; &#160;- Compiling and submitting accurate and timely sales reports</div><div><strong>2. Sales Execution &amp; Relationship Management</strong></div><div>o Actively market and sell MTA&#8217;s products to all customers<br>o Work with marketing department to ensure success of promotional programs.<br>o Provide feedback and recommend appropriate changes to the Marketing Team.<br>o Building and maintaining long-term and profitable relationships by:<br>&#160; &#160;- Providing quality customer service<br>&#160; &#160;- Obtaining customers&#8217; feedback on sales-related matters and inform superior, where appropriate<br>&#160; &#160;- Resolving customers&#8217; problems and complaints on sales-related matters if any and escalate unresolved complaints to superior on an exception basis</div><div><strong>3. People Management</strong></div><div>o Encourage and promote teamwork within sales team by:<br>&#160; &#160;- Providing assistance (e.g. training, knowledge sharing, covering of duties) to sales team members where necessary</div><div>&#160; &#160;- Identifying and sharing new ideas and approaches to increase sales and maximizing customer experiences</div><div><strong>4. Risk, &amp; Regulatory Management</strong></div><div>o Adhere to the all Sales Processes and seek counsel, advice or approval when in doubt.<br>o Comply strictly to MTA&#8217;s policies and procedures, including audit compliance and BNM guidelines</div><div><strong>**&#160; NOTE: Job Descriptions are subject to change at the discretion of the Management</strong></div><div><strong>CONTRIBUTES TO</strong><br><strong>Sales SOP:</strong><br>&#8226; To meet 100% of all products<br>&#8226; To comply 100% with Daily/Weekly Sales Reporting and Tracking<br>&#8226; Strengthen performance culture &amp; reinforce accountabilities</div><div><strong>FOR GRADING PROCESS / DIMENSIONS</strong><br>&#8226; Monthly Sales Tracking<br>&#8226; Weekly Sales Tracking</div><div>&#8226; Daily Sales Tracking</div><div><strong>QUALIFICAITON / EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><div><strong>SKILLS</strong><br>&#8226; Customer Service / Quality<br>&#8226; Teambuilding<br>&#8226; Communication<br>&#8226; Flexibility to Change<br>&#8226; Proactive / Initiative</div><div><strong>Job Knowledge EXPERIENCE</strong><br>&#8226; AT LEAST 1 YEARS WORKING EXPERIENCE WITH EXPERIENCE IN SALES AND MARKETING.</div><div><strong>Education</strong><br>&#8226; SPM &amp; above<br>&#8226; Fresh graduates are encouraging to apply</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			Merchantrade Asia is a licensed Malaysian money services business (MSB) operator (also known as payment service provider) and mobile telecommunications company, headquartered in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia. The company offers international money transfers, foreign currency exchange, wholesale currency trading service as part of its money services business and pre-paid mobile data and voice services. Notable shareholders in Merchantrade Asia are Celcom Axiata Bhd and Japan-based Sumitomo Corporation.</div>
<div>
			As we continue to expand regionally and globally by creating footprints of our presence in the digital and fintech space, we continue to seek for digital minded and innovative non-box thinkers to join our dynamic team and culture in growing Merchantrade.</div>
</div>
<div>
		&#8220;Nations are developing at a pace we never thought possible, creating opportunities across countries. When opportunity seekers are in a new country, the most reassuring feeling is to know that the ones closest to them are safe. Merchantrade began by giving people the opportunity to hear the voices of their loved ones. And today, with our shareholders Celcom Axiata and Sumitomo Corporation, we have expanded the business to include new and innovative ways for millions of people to stay in touch with their loved ones.&#8221;</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mobile-marketing-officer-4417603?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4417603&sectionRank=3&token=0~5501bf9d-7b50-46db-b56d-acaba021a6ea&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 