---
title: "MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm Vacancies CALL SERVICE CENTRE MANAGER (Based KL l up to RM9K)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-21 
excerpt: "MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the CALL SERVICE CENTRE MANAGER (Based KL l up to RM9K) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>CALL SERVICE CENTRE MANAGER (Based KL l up to RM9K)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Available Job Opportunity(s):</strong><ul><li>Position: <strong>Call Service Center Manager</strong></li><li>Industry: Call Center / Electronic Repair House</li><li>Location:<strong> Petaling Jaya / KLCC</strong></li><li>Salary Range: <strong>RM7,000 to RM9,000</strong></li><li>Working Hours: 5 Working Days (8AM to 5.30PM)</li></ul><div>The <strong>Selling Point </strong>of your New Employer:</div><ul><li>A Covid-19 Proof Safe Company</li><li>Still hiring at this crisis</li><li>Still receiving 2021 forecast order</li><li>Still on growth stage</li><li>Strong Financial status (Strong Cash flow)</li></ul><div>The <strong>Benefits and Compensation Plan</strong> you'll entitle:</div><ul><li>Bonus Scheme (Performance Bonus)</li><li>Personal Medical &amp; Insurance Scheme</li><li>Annual Leave</li><li>Public Holidays</li><li>Internal &amp; External Training provided</li></ul><div>What <strong>you Need</strong> to <strong>Succeed</strong>?</div><ul><li>At least <strong>(10) years</strong> relevant working experience in <strong>Call Service Center / Electronic Repair House</strong> working environment</li><li>Good in <strong>People Management Skill</strong></li><li>Prefer <strong>Mandarin speaker</strong>&#160;(able to speak &amp; write in Mandarin) to work closely with China counterpart</li></ul><div>You'll be <strong>Responsible</strong> for:</div><div><strong>Job Summary: -</strong></div><ul><li>Required to in charge 3 Centers</li><li>Overall managing 60&#177; headcounts</li></ul><div><strong>Job Responsibilities: -</strong></div><ul><li>Lead the team towards the overall management and strategic direction of after-sales service business and observe all statutory and internal control requirements and compliances.</li><li>Provide operational leadership and direction to formulate and implement business strategy to achieve growth, financial and other key metrics and targets.</li><li>Develop and execute strategic plans for the efficient and effective use of resources.</li><li>Oversee all aspect of supply chain, workshop, IT, customer service and program functions.</li><li>Prepare and implement annual budget and capital expenditure for the business group operation.</li><li>Identify, develop and implement long and short term strategic plans in support of Company&#8217;s corporate vision.</li><li>Initiate and implement an innovative environment and high performance culture to provide a competitive edge for the after-sales service business.</li><li>Assess business case analysis for viability of projects and identify new opportunity for growth.</li></ul><div>To grab this opportunity, you <strong>Have To</strong>:</div><ul><li>Possess Diploma/ Bachelor Degree in Business Administration or equivalent</li><li>Minimum <strong>(10) years' </strong>relevant experience in <strong>Call Service Center / Electronic Repair House</strong> working environment</li><li>Prefer <strong>Manadrin speaker</strong> (able to speak &amp; write in Mandarin) to work closely with China counterpart</li><li>Applicable to <strong>Malaysian </strong>only</li></ul><div>What you need <strong>To Do Now</strong>?</div><ul><li>If you're interested with this opportunity, please click 'APPLY NOW' attached with the latest CV in details</li><li>If this opportunity not an ideal role for you, please click 'APPLY NOW' to deposit your latest CV and we shall contact with you if have another opportunities suit your profile.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Founded since 2007</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Officially registered since 2009</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Who are we?</strong><br>
		We are the mindful matchmakers. We match teams of professionals to help companies grow, while creating opportunities for candidates to find the right vocation. We build lasting robust relationships. In a world of constant change, we strive to seek the best candidate that fills not only a vacancy, but truly integrates with a team to bring it to greater heights. We are professional negotiators. We are the connectors. The negotiators who bring both company and candidate to an equal ground. We are talent builders for our clients, and career advisers for the candidates. We are people experts. We know the people we work with, and the industries we represent. We close positions for our clients by understanding the people they need. We build teams with insightful recruitment. To build a team, we delve into what makes the industry work, gathering in-depth insights to fill vacancies with the right talent. Our evangelists are team builders. As the chief, the alpha of the team, they have to make sure their group stays cohesive. They appreciate having the right people on board, as they know how important good personalities and excellent skills are to their team. Our purpose is to exist as an opportunity creator. We understand that not everyone has a dream job. Not everyone is suited to what they do. We identify talent. We bring them to the companies who need them. We enhance lives and create opportunities.<br>
		We help companies &amp; teams Grow Through Connections.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/call-service-centre-manager-based-kl-l-up-to-rm9k-4407933?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4407933" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 