---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Procurement Engineers" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Procurement Engineers which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Procurement Engineers</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Analyze all suppliers in order to select the most suitable suppliers who are able to deliver high quality products at competitive pricing.</li><li>Negotiate with suppliers on lead-time, cost and quality so as to obtain the maximum benefit for the company.</li><li>Manage suppliers to meet objectives related to cost, delivery performance, schedule and quality.</li><li>Develop purchasing or sourcing strategies based on portfolio analyses and supplier preferencing study.</li><li>Define and maintain documented category and supplier strategies using market and competitive data.</li><li>Liaise with suppliers on delivery schedule so as to ensure on-time deliveries of final product.</li><li>Develop, implement and drive the procurement strategies in order to meet cost savings targets.</li><li>Review and manage the supplier base to ensure consistency with the sourcing strategy.</li><li>Perform regular performance review with suppliers to drive continuous improvements.</li><li>Create monthly performance reviews and reports focusing on overall sourcing requirements.</li><li>Ensure commercial, legal and contractual compliances in all the procurement transactions.</li><li>Adopt appropriate supplier management methodologies and procurement strategies in purchasing to secure better prices.</li><li>Train team on effective procurement processes and strategy.</li><li>Coordinate with vendor on continuous quality improvement.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>SAP procurement transactions knowledge.</li><li>Excel skills &#8211; pivoting / vlookup etc.</li><li>Preferably able to communicate in Mandarin with China vendors</li><li>At least 3 year experience in purchasing of mechanical parts in an MNC/SME .</li><li>Experience should include supplier selection, sourcing of mechanical parts, etc</li><li>Good supply base knowledge of mechanical parts</li><li>Strong negotiations skills</li><li>Possess min Diploma in Mechanical or Degree in Mechanical studies.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location: <strong>Johor Bahru.</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>A major player in plastic injection moulding (origin from Singapore)</strong></li><li><strong>Have plants in Malaysia and China</strong></li></ul><div><br>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div><br>Attractive Benefits Include:<ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few Months</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Panel Doctor</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile &amp; Multi-National Environment</strong></li></ul><div><strong>&#8203;</strong></div></div><div><div>Interested candidate, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong> jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel:607 - 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/procurement-engineers-4429724?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429724&sectionRank=19&token=0~765afeb7-ce37-4310-b015-c55af4870088&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 