---
title: "GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. Vacancies Cantonese - English Interpreter" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-22 
excerpt: "GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cantonese - English Interpreter which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cantonese - English Interpreter</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>APPLY NOW FOR TELELANGUAGUE VRI DECODER TO BE BASED AT HOME:&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>(UPDATED) LIMITED POSITIONS - Due to covid-19, many industries are facing redundancy, therefore we are open to all the industries( Airlines, Tourism, Medical, Finance/Banking, Insurance, Legal, Telecommunications&#160; Customer Service, Linguistic etc.) with interested candidates to apply immediately to Jobstreet. For immediate inquiry you also send your inquiry or CV via whatapps +6012 202 7068 from monday to sunday 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.&#160;</strong></div><div>For further inquiries, interested candidates kindly message us on Facebook.&#160;</div><div><strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong></div><div><strong>Telelanguague VRI decoder executive</strong>&#160;<strong>(Cantonese to English)</strong>&#160;<strong>(work at home)</strong><br>Currently hiring decoder roles for our US clients in the service industry. The position involves in becoming a 3rd party decoder for complex and technical subjects in the public and private sectors.</div><div><br><strong>Benefits:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Salary range</strong>&#160;from<strong>&#160;RM5280 - RM14000</strong>.</li><li>Full suite of full time employment benefits</li><li><strong>EPF, SOCSO, EIS, Annual Leave, MC, Medical Coverage and Insurance</strong></li><li>Stay at home to work (stay safe)</li><li><strong>Specialized work provisions&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>flexible salary scheme</strong></li><li>Paid annual leave</li><li>Paid sick leave</li><li>Hospitalization benefits</li><li><strong>Paid training period&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Fully paid holiday trip&#160;</strong>for top performers ( option for cash)</li><li><strong>Noticable career advancement:</strong></li><li><strong>Executive decoder &gt; senior decoder &gt; team leader &gt; decoder centre manager/ recuitment consultant</strong></li><li>Access to fun and unique periodical company social gatherings</li><li>Commitment by company for&#160;<strong>punctual pay-roll</strong></li><li><strong>Performance based incentives</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong><br>&#8226; Proficient in both&#160;<strong>English and Cantonese</strong>&#160;(Speak, Read &amp; Write), as&#160;<strong>job scope involves translating cantonese to english in real-time</strong><br>&#8226; Computer with webcam<br>&#8226; Must be able work at home (Based at where you are located)<br>&#8226; Internet connection with min upload speed of 1mb and download speed of 5mb<br>&#8226; Based at home<br>&#8226; Willing to work on rotating shift for 8 hours scheduled by client. (Night &amp; evening Shift)<br>&#8226; Willing to work on Public Holidays as operation is 24/7</div><div><strong>Note : Candidates with immediate availability or one (1) month notice are encourage to apply.</strong></div><div><strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>ABOUT US</strong></div>
<div>GP Asia Sdn Bhd is a newly incorperated<strong> pioneer-status accredited (by Ministry of International Trade And Industry) company</strong>. We are the pioneers in Malaysia for providing state-of-the-art outsourcing solutions to complicated business obstacles all over Malaysia.</div>
<div><br>
Today the company has employed over 250 different candidates of various background and ethicity to fullfill the multivariate requirements of the private industry which includes <strong>NCR, MRCB, DIEBOLD, CLEANPRO and TANCHONG</strong>. Futhermore in the essence of patriotism, we have also proudly served the public industry which includes <strong>PETRONAS, BANK NEGARA and most recently the national LRT project.</strong></div>
<div><br>
At GP asia Outsourcing Sdn. Bhd. , we focus our efforts on our <strong>employees first.&#160;</strong> As we believe that by treating our members fairly :<strong> with a fair pay, excellent benefits, on-time payroll and performance-oriented incentives</strong> ; this would provide added-value back to our customers.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cantonese-english-interpreter-4395319?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4395319" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 