---
title: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Accountant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-05 
excerpt: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Accountant which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Accountant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>To prepare full set of accounting including Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable &amp; General Ledger for selected entity within APAC</li><li>To assist in the preparation of accurate and timely monthly Financial and Management Reporting i.e monthly variance reporting</li><li>&#160;Responsible for interacting and communicating with the respective business units / third party service provider in order to facilitate any special and /or reporting requirements by collating, preparing, checking information on financial data, payroll and other related statutory matters</li><li>Managing the cash flow position, preparing monthly bank reconciliation and monthly cashflow forecast.</li><li>Performing Balance Sheet Reconciliation and account analysis.&#160;</li><li>Preparation of annual &amp; quarterly forecast</li><li>Assist in annual audit and tax related matters.</li><li>Responsible for corporation tax computation, tax assessment, deferred tax computation, other tax related matter</li><li>Perform other ad hoc finance and accounting related assignment and when required by the management</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Professional Certificate, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent.</li><li>&#160;At least 5 years working experience in accounting within a shared services organization</li><li>Possess knowledge of&#160;GAAP and IFRS accounting Standard</li><li>Ability to work well under pressure environment, working accurately with attention to detail and meeting deadline</li><li>Familiar with accounting system SAP/ IFS / Navision will be an added advantage</li><li>&#160;Applicants must be willing to work in Pasir Gudang, Johor</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives specializing in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li><li>Good written and communication skills in English. Comfortable in working with diversified culture</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mammoet provides tailor made heavy lifting and transportation solution. Mammoet has the largest heavy lift fleet of cranes worldwide, with over 3600 employees that have extensive expertise in the specialized fields of heavy lifting, sea and land transportation, supply of cranes and other lifting devices, engineering and project management. Difficult projects under difficult terrain conditions have been completed safely and successfully to the full satisfaction of our clients.</p><p>Mammoet has been operating in the South East Asia region more than 30 years and have been involved in most of the major projects in the Petrochemical, Power, Civil and Offshore sectors. Rentals and the ever increasing offshore load outs are equally important and form an integral part of our business. In Malaysia, our Johor office is a Regional Headquarter (OHQ) for Operations. From Johor / Malaysia office, we support the Group to provide equipment (including mobilization of equipment), manpower and expertise to execute the project within APAC. Beside that we also support Mammoet Global operations in other regions (Europe, USA and Middle East) for the execution of the projects. Details about Mammoet can be found our website www.mammoet.com.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/accountant-4437160?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4437160&sectionRank=20&token=0~9f2b1be0-c9ec-467f-b91f-86b4cbd242b6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 