---
title: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) Vacancies Executive, Performance & Governance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-21 
excerpt: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Performance & Governance which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Performance & Governance</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></div><div>Monitor and analyze the activities related to performance evaluation in the supply chain function by performing activities required to complete end to end supply chain procedures&#8217; performance and deliverables. Work in line with PLOSC team to evaluate work activities, diagnose root causes of issues, extract insights, troubleshoot problems, improve the processes and value for the customer. Evaluate third party service provider operations such as Lead Logistics Provider (LLP) and freight forwarders according to quality standards including performance evaluation and budgeting.</div><div><div><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></div><div>1. Prepare and steward supply chain procedures<br>Work with multiple parties within the company to propose and prepare work level process and procedures that facilitate the work among different parties to perform supply chain activities.<br>Propose improvement and revise the work processes and procedures periodically.</div><div>2. Analyse lifting performance prescribe for process optimization<br>Identify issues within the supply chain activities, examine different current and future operational condition as well as propose improvements and solutions to the problem. Perform root cause analysis and define together with the different operational functions mitigation/improvement actions and follow through till closure.</div><div>3. KPI development<br>Coordinate with other supply chain functions to implement adequate measures to evaluate and improve operations within the function and enhance work process. Perform regular KPIs review to enhance department&#8217;s performance.</div>4. Report PLOSC activities<br>Prepare regular management report by gathering and verifying data for end of cycle reporting which include but not limited to PLOSC various activities, KPI reporting, logistic performance and gap analysis closure status as well as Strategic Initiatives<div><br>5. Third- party Service Provider Performance<br>Monitor and keep track of third-party service provider performance and monitor relevant agreement to ensure key deliverables are achieved. Also, assess and propose renewal of service level agreements and execute invoice processing</div><div><br>6. Customer Complaint<br>Conduct investigation into all valid customer complaints within agreed timeframe and implement corrective and preventive actions to avoid recurrence and achieve customer satisfaction.</div>7. Planning &amp; Budgeting<div>Assist the Section Head in preparing department&#8217;s Annual planning and budgeting to ensure the exercise is completed within the deadline and meet business objectives.</div>8. Health, Safety and Environment<div>Ensure the implementation of robust quality and HSE activities across logistics execution /operation among service providers in compliance to established and applicable standard and procedures and in-line with the company&#8217;s HSE policy and guidelines to avoid any HSE incidence, creating a harmonic and safe working environment with logistics work area.</div></div><div><strong>ADDITIONAL NOTE</strong><br><br>This position will be based in Pengerang, Johor.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Pengerang Refining And Petrochemical (PRefChem) is a strategic alliance of two of the world&#8217;s largest and most successful national oil companies - Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), the national oil company of Malaysia, and Saudi Aramco, the national oil company of Saudi Arabia. Together, we form an equal partnership in two joint ventures, namely Pengerang Refining Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Refinery &amp; Cracker Sdn Bhd) and Pengerang Petrochemical Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Polymers Sdn Bhd).</div>
<div>
		This smart partnership brings together secured resources, cutting edge technologies, a vast amount of experience, and commercial presence of two world-class companies in the operations of the refinery, cracker and selected petrochemical facilities in the Refinery And Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) Project which forms a significant part of the Pengerang Integrated Complex (PIC) in Malaysia&#8217;s southern state of Johor.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-performance-governance-4448225?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4448225&sectionRank=8&token=0~1bc18f33-a2aa-4d5b-ab91-8047d02eb5b3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 