---
title: "Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad Vacancies Virtual Career Fair – 16 Jan 2021 (Sales & Marketing)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Virtual Career Fair – 16 Jan 2021 (Sales & Marketing) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Virtual Career Fair – 16 Jan 2021 (Sales & Marketing)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities :</strong></div><ul><li>To identify potential customers and recommend appropriate product solution to the customer.</li><li>To build and maintain close rapport with both bankers and customers.</li><li>Actively participate in the bank&#8217;s sales and promotion activities in and outside of the branch in order to achieve their sales target.</li><li>To generate own leads from walk-in customers, bank database and personal contacts.</li><li>To attend to all customers' requests and concerns promptly and accurately.</li><li>To communicate to the Management on customers' feedback.</li><li>To follow up on certificate issuance to ensure timely delivery to customers.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements :</strong></div><ul><li>Open to SPM holder, preferable Diploma holder and above.</li><li>Certified in Takaful Basic Examination (TBE) is an added advantage.</li><li>Sales experience in Insurance and Takaful.</li><li>Open to fresh graduates with structured training and coaching provided by Business Development Manager.</li><li>Good knowledge in MS Word, Excel and Power Point.</li><li>Able to converse fluently in Bahasa Malaysia and English, or other local languages is an added advantage</li><li>Good competency in Influence and Persuasion, Motivation and Perseverance, Relationship Building, Initiating Action, Composure and Resiliency, and Active Listening.</li></ul><div><strong>Employment Benefits :</strong></div><ul><li>Employment by Hong Leong MSIG Takaful</li><li>Attractive monthly salary</li><li>Attractive Performance incentive</li><li>Comprehensive benefits for you &amp; your family</li><li>Dynamic coaching &amp; training</li><li>Exceptional career opportunities</li></ul><div><strong>Working Location:</strong></div><ul><li>Nationwide Bank Partners</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad (HLM Takaful) also formerly of Hong Leong Tokio Marine Takaful Berhad is a strategic collaboration between Hong Leong Financial Group Malaysia, a reputable integrated financial services group and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co Ltd (MSI), one of the world&#8217;s largest insurance company.<br><br>The collaboration offers HLM Takaful an opportunity to leverage on the insurance expertise, scale, customer base, distribution channels and branch network of the Hong Leong Group, while tapping into Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co Ltd (MSI) vast and global technical and product development expertise for the creation of innovative and competitive takaful offerings.<br><br>HLM Takaful is a key component of Hong Leong Islamic Financial Services Group, an integrated platform offering Islamic banking, Islamic Investment Banking and Islamic Wealth Management and Takaful. With strong Shariah compliance and operating processes as our core tenets, HLM Takaful will strive to meet the high standards and expectations set by its stakeholders and contribute towards the development of Malaysia as a global takaful centre.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/virtual-career-fair-16-jan-2021-sales-marketing-4451457?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451457&sectionRank=25&token=0~491f178b-0cd1-4f20-8167-351d217d47f6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 