---
title: "EPS Malaysia Vacancies Sales Executive (Bank) Nationwide" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "EPS Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive (Bank) Nationwide which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Nilai, Tampin, Penang, Perak, Cyberjaya, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang, Puchong, Rawang" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Nilai, Tampin, Penang, Perak, Cyberjaya, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang, Puchong, Rawang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>EPS Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive (Bank) Nationwide</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To be <strong>based in the bank</strong>&#160;<strong>branch </strong>and generate leads from walk-in customers, bank events and personal contacts.</li><li>To promote and sell <strong>Bancassurance product (Life Insurance).</strong></li><li>To identify new sales strategies and approaches to achieve sales target</li><li>Actively participate in the bank&#8217;s sales and promotion activities</li><li>To deliver best sales practice and provide excellent customer service</li><li>Disciplined tracking of all sales activities</li></ul><div><br><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a SPM (min. 5 credtis), Diploma, Advanced Diploma, Bachelor's Degree in any field.</li><li><strong>Min. 1 year of experience in any sales field.</strong></li><li>Able to achieve sales target.</li><li><strong>Interest to explore Baking/Insurance industry and earn more commission.</strong></li><li>Someone who<strong> likes to meet and talk to people</strong>&#160;(not looking for backend role).</li><li>Good Malay communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li><strong>MUST possess own transport.</strong></li></ul></div><div><strong>Additional Info:</strong></div><ul><li>Working day: Monday-Friday, 8.30am-5.30pm (based at the bank branch)</li><li>Employment Term: 1 year contract (renewable)</li><li>Sales background: Max. Basic RM3100 + Commission average RM2k-3k (average income RM5k-RM6k)</li><li>PCE/PCEIA License holder: Max.Basic RM3300 + Commission</li><li>Opportunity to earn incentives from monthly &amp; quarterly sales campaign</li><li>Probation period: 3 months</li><li>Medical Claim</li><li>Comprehensive initial training</li><li>Multiple career advancement paths to management level positions</li><li>Branches:&#160;KL, Selangor, Penang, Johor, Perak, N.Sembilan</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>EPS Malaysia is a leading recruitment, outsourcing and search specialist offering <strong>INNOVATIVE, COST-EFFECTIVE </strong>and <strong>VALUE-ADDED</strong> services to our customers and business partners. Our range of services includes:</div><ul><li>General, Professional and Executive Search</li><li>Managed Services / Manpower Outsourcing</li><li>Recruitment Process Outsourcing</li><li>Payroll Outsourcing</li></ul><div>With regional presence and offices around Asia Pacific, we have worked with many reputable organizations including multi-national corporations, government agencies and local companies to meet with their manpower requirements.&#160; Our long customer list and being awarded with <strong>ISO 9001:2015</strong> standards and multiple achievement awards within the industry is a strong testimony of our track record and professionalism.</div><div>For more details, please visit http://www.eps.my</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Nilai, Tampin, Penang, Perak, Cyberjaya, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang, Puchong, Rawang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-bank-nationwide-4452642?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452642&sectionRank=13&token=0~204dcede-464e-44b7-a4f4-811de02fee68&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 