---
title: "Flex Vacancies Buyer - (WD100638)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-28 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Buyer - (WD100638) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Buyer - (WD100638)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;<a href="http://www.myworkday.com/flextronics/d/task/1422%2410410.htmld" target="_blank">here</a></b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Buyer </b>will be based in <b><b>Port Tanjung Pelepas, Gelang Patah, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for c<span>oordinates activities involved with procuring direct materials, components and equipment.</span></p><p><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b></p><ul><li>Reviews requisitions and MRP output.</li><li>Confers with vendors to obtain product or service information such as price, availability and delivery schedule.</li><li>Determines method of procurement such as direct purchase.</li><li>Orders, reschedules and cancels material based on requisitions and MRP output.</li><li>Maintains procurement records such as items or services purchased, costs, delivery and inventories.</li><li>Manages supplier to price, delivery and quality expectations and escalates when appropriate.</li><li>Approves invoices for payment.</li><li>Expedites delivery of goods to users.</li><li>Analyzes inventory levels. Prepares liability reports for excess and obsolete management.</li><li>May gather quotations, examine bids, negotiate contracts and make awards.</li><li>May plan, schedule and monitor the movement of materials through the production cycle.</li><li>Interfaces with suppliers and customers to secure both delivery and the best market price.</li><li>Makes tactical buying decisions. Executes corporate sourcing programs and purchasing high dollar parts.</li><li>Conducts quarterly supplier reviews.</li><li>Maintains procurement records, reports and metrics.</li><li>Prepares and/or reviews bid requests and negotiates contracts within budgetary limitations and scope of authority.</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b></p><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><li>Minimum 1 - 2&#160;years of working experience in the related field is required</li><li>Fresh graduate will be considered</li></ul><p>NS27</p><b>Job Category</b>Global Procurement &amp; Supply Chain<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: <a target="_blank">accessibility@flex.com</a></span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b><a href="https://flex.com/other/recruitment-notice-english" target="_blank">Recruitment Privacy Notice</a><a href="https://flex.com/other/recruitment-notice-english" target="_blank"><b><b>.</b></b></a></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: <span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Flex is a leading sketch-to-scale&#8482; solutions company that designs and builds intelligent products for a connected world. With more than 200,000 professionals across 30 countries and a promise to help make the world Live Smarter&#8482;, the company provides innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, real-time supply chain insight and logistics services to companies of all sizes in various industries and end-markets.&#160;For more information please visit our careers page at <a href="http://www.flex.com" target="_blank">www.flex.com</a>.&#160;</p>
<ul><li><strong>Industry:&#160;</strong>Electrical / Electronic&#160;Manufacturing</li>
<li><strong>Type:&#160;</strong>Public Company</li>
<li><strong>NASDAQ</strong>: FLEX</li>
<li><strong>Headquarters:&#160;</strong>2 Changi South Lane, Singapore, 486123</li>
<li><strong>Company Size</strong>: 10,001+ employees</li>
<li><strong>Website:&#160;</strong><a href="http://www.flex.com/" target="_blank">www.flex.com</a></li> </ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/buyer-wd100638-4413214?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4413214" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 