---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Planning Manager (Up to RM 8,500 Basic Salary)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Planning Manager (Up to RM 8,500 Basic Salary) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Planning Manager (Up to RM 8,500 Basic Salary)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Responsible for production planning as well as expediting incoming materials (Consign Item from Customer).</li><li>Work closely with production and supply chain team to ensure continuity of material and to minimize over stocking due to fluctuation of demand.</li><li>Maintain appropriate level of inventory at all times and planning incremental purchasing and follow up on delivery status from suppliers until received.</li><li>Provide guidance and system solution to end user to ensure smooth manufacturing operation and inventory flow.</li><li>Maintain the work order schedule and released work orders based on material and capacity availability with feedback from Purchasing.</li><li>To work and establish a close working relationship with business partners. Dealing with customers and attending to customers&#8217; request.</li><li>Work with related personnel to ensure customers&#8217; needs are all met.</li><li>Liaise with customers for delivery requirements and work closely with Production Supervisors to meet customer satisfaction.</li><li>Responsible for production scheduling as well as quality and time delivery orders.</li><li>Responsible for production material availability, minimize inventory holding and exposure without compromising service level to business partners. Liaise with purchasing on stock keeping for Material.</li><li>To provide updated monthly sales reports and production output report.</li><li>Able to lead &amp; coach the PMC department.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Familiar with excel &amp; SAP system</li><li>At least 7~ 10 years of experience in planning &amp; experience lead a team before</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location: <strong>Johor</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>An MNC company specializing in Moulds engineering precision plastic components</strong></li></ul><div>Working days: 5</div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few months</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly and well-organized environment to work in</strong></li></ul></div><div>Interested candidate, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel:607 - 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/planning-manager-up-to-rm-8-500-basic-salary-4429244?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429244&sectionRank=22&token=0~765afeb7-ce37-4310-b015-c55af4870088&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 