---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Supply Chain Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-22 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Supply Chain Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Supply Chain Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Summary</strong><br>With the Supply Chain Department consisting of Purchasing and Logistices and Warehouse, the Supply Chain Manager will be responsible for On-Time Delivery, Customer Centricity, Inventory Control, Supplier management and Material price reduction while maintaining our Quality first policy.</div><div><br><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>Lead the Supply Chain team in day to day activities to achieve On-Time Delivery, Customer Centricity, Inventory Control, Supplier management and Material price reduction while maintaining our Quality first policy.</li><li>Collaborate customer service and stakeholders to understand and achieve their needs.</li><li>Responsible for the Direct and Indirect material purchasing against best price and quality while considering MOQ and lead time requirements.</li><li>Create and manage a strategic roadmap to achieve KPI&#8217;s w.r.t pricing, quality, incoming OTD and their annual improvement.</li><li>Supplier negotiation &amp; evaluation (e.g. US, Europe, China, APAC etc.)</li><li>Responsible for Material availability meeting customer demand &amp; production plan.</li><li>Responsible for best practices for Safe &amp; 5-S Warehouse.</li><li>Maintain a global competitive freight forwarding network to achieve best price, best service and OTD.</li><li>Create and maintain a strategic roadmap to reduce freight costs year on year and report the monthly KPI.</li><li>Inventory control achieving KPI of MTPT and material turnover.</li><li>Review and improve SOP&#8217;s where needed to realize a smooth and reliable Supply Chain process.</li><li>Install and achieve Quality First, OTD second, Efficiency third mindset.</li><li>Build a sustainable, result driven and motivated supply chain organization.</li><li>Communicate weekly and monthly KPI&#8217;s to local and corporate management.</li><li>Follow and enforce the Assa Abloy Code of Conduct and ethical way of working.</li><li>Identify process bottlenecks and implement solutions in a timely manner.</li><li>Propose improvements considering ERP, planning tools, infrastructure, MES to help your team work as efficiently and effectively as possible.</li><li>Train and evaluate others, provide constructive feedback.</li><li>Any other task that is assigned by the direct supervisor.</li></ul><div><strong>Others Responsibilities :</strong></div><div>Compliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.</div><div><strong>Qualifications</strong><br>To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.</div><div><br><strong>Education and/or Experience&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor Degree or higher in any Engineering or Business with minimum 5 - 10 years relevant experience in an electronics manufacturing environment.</li><li>At least 5 years&#8217; experience in Supply Chain Management position.</li><li>Interpersonal skills and ability to work under pressure.</li></ul><div><strong>Language Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Excellent communication skills in English.</li><li>Proficiency in Mandarin is added advantage.</li><li>Proven track record in negotiations&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div>&#160;<br><strong>Computer Skills&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li><li>Knowledge of PC applications and Oracle / any ERP system is a MUST.</li></ul><div><strong>Work Environment</strong></div><ul><li>Employee works primarily in a manufacturing environment, with in a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels.</li></ul><div><strong>Work Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Travel and fieldwork including international travel, therefore employee must possess or can acquire a valid passport.</li><li>Open to expat living in Malaysia with PR.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-supply-chain-manager-4448598?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4448598&sectionRank=12&token=0~724d2ce7-b8b0-42c5-8fe2-674249136646&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 