---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Procurement Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-02 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Procurement Executive which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Procurement Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>To purchase &amp; source the raw materials activity, suppliers, services and equipment for the company from local &amp; overseas shipment</li><li>To issue P/O to vendors for the material planning requirement.</li><li>Expediting &amp; follow up with vendors on time materials delivery as materials planning requirement.</li><li>To check the pricing, make the comparison data to determine support to their subordinated for all the purchase activity coordination with others department requester for indirect materials.</li><li>To keep the Approved Vendor List updated</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS :</strong></div><ul><li>Mandarin speaking candidate</li><li>3 years experience in support Japanese customer</li><li>Willing to travel oversea &amp; domestic</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location:<strong> Johor</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>Manufacturer of Sumi-Card (Flexible Flat Cable), Steering Cable, Flat Jumper Lead, Jumper Lead, Hookup Wires, Irrax Wires, TV High Voltage Wires, Office Automation Wires, Flexible High Voltage Wires.</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><br><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Bonus Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Card</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Hostel and Accommodation</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile Environment</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong> jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/procurement-executive-4415552?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4415552&sectionRank=12&token=0~6bc5b52b-2bf5-413e-930c-b62a1ce51b6c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 