---
title: "UNIQLO (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD. Vacancies UNIQLO Manager Candidate (UMC)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-26 
excerpt: "UNIQLO (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the UNIQLO Manager Candidate (UMC) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNIQLO (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>UNIQLO Manager Candidate (UMC)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position Summary</strong></div><div>Under the UMC program, UNIQLO Malaysia provides a year-long intensive training program that will equip you with the skills to qualify as a Store Manager &#8211; an important step to becoming one of our future global Business Leaders. Candidates are given the unique opportunity to gain the knowledge and experience required to run a retail store business where you will be expected to take on different roles such as an innovator, a talent developer and a problem solver</div></div><div>*** SEND IN YOUR JOB APPLICATION TO THIS LINK&#160; &#160;https://rb.gy/y4wl8w</div><div><div><strong>Why Join As UMC?</strong></div></div><ul><li>As a high-performing Store Manager, you will become a key player in Uniqlo&#8217;s global expansion and aim to become the Number One apparel brand in the world. Opportunities are limitless as past UMCs have gone on to not just open new stores around the world but even take on global leadership roles.</li><li>You will work closely and build strong relationships with our headquarters or &#8220;Store Support Centre&#8221; where your feedback will be important for local marketing, merchandising, HR and e-commerce activities. You may also be rewarded the opportunity to join these teams and further develop yourself in these core pillars of the business.</li><li>Apart from On-The-Job training provided by our high caliber Store Managers, your training needs are also taken care of by our Fast Retailing Management and Innovation Centre, with regular classroom training to top up your knowledge and leadership skills.</li></ul><div><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></div><div>As a UMC, your first six months will see you working as a retail associate, mastering the basic:-</div><ul><li>Understand the basic principles and tasks at the center of Uniqlo&#8217;s mission and vision in store operations.</li><li>Learn how to deliver excellent customer service, gain product knowledge and understand how to create plans to optimise sales.</li><li>Gradually take on managerial tasks including setting staff schedules, training other new joiners on Uniqlo standards, taking ownership of a division within the store and providing instructions for shop-floor management.</li></ul><div><div>The final six months will see you advancing as an Assistant Store Manager:-</div><ul><li>Simulate the role of a Store Manager as you are placed as a day manager, eventually progressing into a weekly and then monthly manager of your own &#8216;department&#8217;.</li><li>Make decisions on how to improve store performance by understanding the condition of the store based on profit and loss and company-wide plans.</li><li>Proactively share to team members not just solutions but reasoning behind decisions made and right methods to ensure all are working towards the same goal.</li><li>Strategise for the mid and long-term as you learn how to develop store targets, create work schedules and coordinate the store organisation through staffing plans.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><div>Becoming a Uniqlo Store Manager in one year is an ambitious goal and you have the continued support of leaders, trainers and team members &#8211; however, your progression will ultimately be based on your performance and merit. The ideal candidate needs to have a start-up mindset, enjoys working in a fast-paced environment with a passion to learn about the retail business through a hands-on approach. Some other key qualities are:</div><ul><li>Ambitious &amp; Goal-Oriented &#8211; Self-driven with a clear sense of mission and takes full ownership to accomplish goals and targets. Works well under pressure to solve a problem and deliver results.</li><li>Flexibility &amp; Resilience &#8211; Embracing innovation and challenges is part of our corporate values. Those who are receptive and adaptable to constant change will thrive under the excitement of always wanting to improve for the better.</li><li>Good Interpersonal skills &amp; Willing Team Player &#8211; A future store manager needs to be able to build the trust of team members through communication and mutual respect; to create an environment where everyone can collaborate effectively towards achieving company objectives.</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>Key Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree from any field of study</li><li>Minimum CGPA of 2.8 or a Second-Class Upper equivalent</li><li>Flexibility to relocate throughout Malaysia over the course of your career</li><li>Flexible to work based on shift duty (including weekends and public holidays)</li><li>Required Language: English and Bahasa Malaysia</li></ul><div><strong>Basic Salary</strong></div><div>RM3,800</div></div></div><div><strong>*** SEND IN YOUR JOB APPLICATION TO THIS LINK&#160;&#160; https://rb.gy/y4wl8w</strong></div><div>Fresh graduates and those with less than 2 years of working experience are welcome to apply! Shortlisted candidates will be notified via email or telephone call</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>UNIQLO in Malaysia</strong><br>
		Since opening its first store in Malaysia in 2010 at Kuala Lumpur&#8217;s Fahrenheit 88, UNIQLO has grown into one of Malaysia&#8217;s most-loved brands. Today, UNIQLO brings its LifeWear apparel to Malaysian customers through 51 retail locations in 10 states, covering Peninsular and East Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory, and Putrajaya, as well as through its UNIQLO.com online store. For more information about UNIQLO in Malaysia, please visit https://www.uniqlo.com/my/store/ .
		
		<div>
<strong>About UNIQLO LifeWear</strong><br>
			Apparel that comes from the Japanese values of simplicity, quality and longevity. Designed to be of the time and for the time, LifeWear is made with such modern elegance that it becomes the building blocks of each individual&#8217;s style. A perfect shirt that is always being made more perfect. The simplest design hiding the most thoughtful and modern details. The best in fit and fabric made to be affordable and accessible to all. LifeWear is clothing that is constantly being innovated, bringing more warmth, more lightness, better design, and better comfort to people&#8217;s lives.<br>
<br>
<strong>About UNIQLO and Fast Retailing</strong><br>
			UNIQLO is a brand of Fast Retailing Co., Ltd., a leading Japanese retail holding company with global headquarters in Tokyo, Japan. UNIQLO is the largest of eight brands in the Fast Retailing Group, the others being GU, Theory, Helmut Lang, PLST (Plus T), Comptoir des Cotonniers, Princesse tam.tam and J Brand. With global sales of approximately 2.01 trillion yen for the 2020 fiscal year ending August 31, 2020 (US $19.06 billion, calculated in yen using the end of August 2020 rate of $1 = 105.4 yen), Fast Retailing is one of the world&#8217;s largest apparel retail companies, and UNIQLO is Japan&#8217;s leading specialty retailer.<br>
<br>
			UNIQLO continues to open large-scale stores in some of the world's most important cities and locations, as part of its ongoing efforts to solidify its status as a global brand. Today the company has more than 2,200 stores in 25 markets including Japan. In alphabetical order, the other markets are Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Italy, Malaysia, Netherlands, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, U.K. U.S. and Vietnam. In addition, UNIQLO established a social business in Bangladesh together with the Grameen Bank in 2010, and today there are more than 15 Grameen-UNIQLO stores, mostly located in Dhaka.<br>
<br>
			With a corporate statement committed to changing clothes, changing conventional wisdom and change the world, Fast Retailing is dedicated to creating great clothing with new and unique value to enrich the lives of people everywhere. For more information about UNIQLO and Fast Retailing, please visit www.uniqlo.com and www.fastretailing.com.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/uniqlo-manager-candidate-umc-4411649?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4411649" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 