---
title: "Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Waste Water Treatment Operation Technician - (oMPZdfwx-oMPZdfwx)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-16 
excerpt: "Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Waste Water Treatment Operation Technician - (oMPZdfwx-oMPZdfwx) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Waste Water Treatment Operation Technician - (oMPZdfwx-oMPZdfwx)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job title:</strong>&#160;WASTE WATER TREATMENT OPERATION TECHNICIAN<strong>Summary/Objective:</strong>&#160; To maintain and control the wastewater treatment system to ensure environmental compliance with all local, state, and federal laws without major interruptions.<strong>Essential Functions/Responsibilities:</strong><ul><li>Ensure the efficient and optimum operations of the industrial effluent and reverse osmosis water treatment system.</li><br><li>To respond and conduct industrial effluent treatment process control and monitoring effectively and efficiently and suggest any improvement.</li><br><li>To conduct periodic checks and routine inspection to treatment processes according to the system recommendation and checklist.</li><br><li>To troubleshoot treatment processes failure promptly. Under urgent cases, the person shall be required to work outside normal hours.</li><br><li>To conduct regeneration to ion exchanger package of water treatment as per standard procedure to ensure resin in the vessel completely regeneration.</li><br><li>To conduct backwash to multimedia filter and activated carbon filter as per standard procedure to ensure the media and carbon in the vessel completely backwash.</li><br><li>Monitor and perform day-to-day treatment system operation with SCADA and site data logging.</li><br><li>Ensure all treatment processes operating and perform as per operation need, cost effectively, safely and efficiently.</li><br><li>Report treatment processes performance and monitor the sequence of operation in accordance with the approved treatment process control specification.</li><br><li>Ensure the work is performed in accordance with the specifications and approved procedures.</li><br><li>To conduct COD, SS, turbidity, pH, nickel test at in house lab. To conduct jar test and pilot column test at in house lab as and when required.</li><br><li>To conduct filter clothes cleaning when required.</li><br><li>To comply with all company policies, procedure and standards.</li><br><li>To perform related duties as directed.</li><br><li>To manage the biological pond condition.</li></ul>&#160;'The responsibilities as defined are intended to serve as a general guideline for this position. Associates may be asked to perform additional tasks depending on strengths and capabilities'&#160;<strong>Required Experience</strong><ul><li>Minimum 3 year experiences in industrial effluent treatment system operation consist of chemical treatment package, ion exchanger package, multimedia filtration system, activated carbon filtration system and dewatering system (filter press &amp; decanter).</li><br><li>Minimum 3 year experiences in reverse osmosis water system operation consist of multimedia filtration system, activated carbon filtration system, double pass RO system, and ion exchanger package.</li><br><li>Experience in DOE Std.A final effluent discharge industrial effluent treatment system is preferred.</li><br><li>Experience in ion exchanger regeneration with acid sulfuric and hydrochloric acid for weak acid cation resin and strong acid cation resin is preferred.</li><br><li>Experience in operation of industrial effluent treatment system control by SCADA is preferred.</li><br><li>Experience in membrane cleaning and resin replacement is preferred.</li></ul><strong>Preferred Education/experience:</strong><ul><li>High school, Certificate/Diploma in Mechanical / Electrical or others engineering is preferred.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Samtec, Inc., is a worldwide manufacturer of P.C. Board level interconnects. Samtec was founded in 1976 and is privately held. Samtec, Inc. is ISO/TS 16949:2009, ISO 9001:2008, and ISO 14001:2004 registered with a 5-A1 Dun and Bradstreet rating, the highest available for a corporation this size.</div>
<div>
<div>
			Much more than just another connector company, Samtec puts people first with a commitment to exceptional service, quality products, and convenient tools. We believe that people matter, whether they are our external or internal customers. This belief is deeply ingrained throughout our organization and means we're all willing to go the extra step to build remarkable products and services that take the industry further faster.</div>
<div>
			Founded in 1976, we are a privately held, $613 million global manufacturer of a broad line of electronic interconnect solution blocks, including IC-to-Board/Ultra Micro, High Speed Board-to-Board, High Speed Cables, Future-Proof/Active Optics, Flexible Stacking, and Micro/Rugged components and cables. To meet the interconnect challenges of tomorrow and beyond, Samtec has developed unique Technology Centers to help optimize the entire signal transmission path&#8230; from the IC to the panel and beyond, and all points in between.</div>
</div>
<div>
		For more company information, please visit www.samtec.com.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/waste-water-treatment-operation-technician-ompzdfwx-ompzdfwx-4444366?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4444366&sectionRank=22&token=0~857be0d2-4c99-4c85-b745-70acf10a1bcf&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 