---
title: "Intelek Talent Solutions Sdn Bhd Vacancies TERRITORY SALES MANAGER (NORTHERN & SOUTHERN)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "Intelek Talent Solutions Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the TERRITORY SALES MANAGER (NORTHERN & SOUTHERN) which positioned at Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Intelek Talent Solutions Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>TERRITORY SALES MANAGER (NORTHERN & SOUTHERN)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position: TERRITORY SALES MANAGER</strong><div><strong>Location: Northern &amp; Southern Region</strong></div><strong>Monthly service fee: Up to RM4, 000</strong><div><strong>Employment Type: 2 years contract</strong></div><br><strong>Job Description:</strong><ul><li>Manage and grow the stores towards profitability and sustainability</li><li>Maximize sales opportunities across consumer segment&#8217;s through active engagement efforts</li><li>Drive operational excellence by ensuring quality and compliance to standard policies and procedures</li><li>Lead the team in a growth cantered environment</li><li>Another task as and when is required</li></ul></div></div><div>Requirements:</div><ul><li>SPM and above.</li><li><strong>Minimum 2-3 years of working experience in territory sales or channel sales from the FMCG, tobacco or telco industry.</strong></li><li><strong>Prior experience in setting up and running a own business is an advantage.</strong></li><li>Excellent communication skills in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>MUST be proactive, resourceful and creative.</li><li>Able to travel within the designated location as and when is needed for the business.</li></ul><div><strong>DO YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES FOR THIS ROLE?</strong></div><div>Whatapp the following to <strong>Ms.Gawri at 011-35359763:</strong></div><div><strong>(STRICTLY DO NOT WHATSAPP RESUME)</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Full Name:</strong></li><li><strong>Position Applying:</strong></li><li><strong>Nationality:</strong></li><li><strong>Years of experience in channel sales/ direct sales:</strong></li><li><b>Do you have experience in running a own business:</b></li><li><b>What are the industries you have worked in before:</b></li></ul><div><strong>ONLY shortlisted applicants will be contacted for a further discussion.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Since 1999, Intelek has evolved from being a small talent management solutions provider, to becoming one of the fastest growing recruitment and human resource solutions provider in the country. Our range of expertise encompasses permanent, contractual &amp; temporary staffing, executive search &amp; placement and payroll administration.</div><div>Intelek serves a wide range of clients in supporting their excellent business through our innovative services and a team of dynamic and vibrant recruitment consultants. We transform job seekers to career seekers &#8211; turning dreams into reality. We strive to seek the best in people and amplify their excellence.<br>&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/territory-sales-manager-northern-southern-4418366?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4418366&sectionRank=25&token=0~89b77204-2d4c-4a90-a7a6-d608386b3d9e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 