---
title: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia Vacancies SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE - FOOD MANUFACTURER (REF:AW)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE - FOOD MANUFACTURER (REF:AW) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JAC Recruitment Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE - FOOD MANUFACTURER (REF:AW)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><ul><li>Position:Sales&amp;Marketing Executive</li><li>Industry:Food manufacturing industry</li><li>Working hours : 5 days work</li><li>Salary:RM 3,500 - 5,000</li><li>Location:Pasir Gudang,Johor</li></ul><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>To follow up distributor/customer by visit them after sales services.</li><li>To promote existing and new product to distributor/customer by work together with R&amp;D division.</li><li>Ensure company sales target achieved and maintained.</li><li>To perform cos,calculate,draft and preparation quotation,submit and follow up wit customer/distributor for feedback.</li><li>Maintain good relationship with customers,advise them on company services and product.</li><li>Prepare monthly sales forecast report and estimate sales figure report.</li><li>Review and revise the contract to customers/distributor and advise management on the contract terms,selling price and etc.</li><li>Assut other sales team members based on project assignment.</li><li>Provide marketing information and explain about the marketing pattern in assigned area.</li><li>Proactive in handling customers/distributors complaint and maintain the customer interest to our company.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least professional diploma or degree its equivalent.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in related field is preferred.</li><li>Fresh graduate is welcome to apply.</li><li><strong>Prefer candidate possess sales experience in Food Manufacturing Industry experience before.</strong></li><li>Candidate must willing to travel and prosess own transport.</li><li>Strong Analytical, communication and inter-personal skills.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Junior sales candidate is welcome to apply sales&amp;marketing assistant position !</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>JAC Recruitment was first established in London, UK in 1975. Our growth continue in Asia, where we make our mark in 11 countries: Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,&#160;Thailand, &#160;Hong Kong, China,&#160;Korea, Vietnam, India, United Kingdom and Japan.</div><div><br>We established since April 1994 in Malaysia and has &#160;been providing accurate and high quality recruitment service to our clients. We introduce highly skilled, experienced and professional personnel, spanning through a wide range of expertise; Executive Placement, Staff Placement, Native Japanese, Japanese Speaking, and Multilingual Talent&#160;</div><div>Emphasizing on quick and efficient solution to your recruitment needs while maintaining a unique, warm Malaysian approach in our communications, assuring a superior quality service that connects employers with employees, fulfilling employment needs in harmonious perfection.</div><ul><li>Our consultants are well trained professional and has in-depth industry specific knowledge</li><li>We are committed to provide borderless operation with the same high standard of service everywhere</li><li>We Place the right talents, to the right positions, at the right companies with joy!</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-marketing-executive-food-manufacturer-ref:aw-4424957?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4424957&sectionRank=15&token=0~23767195-539d-435e-a4e8-c1e0dc4a42eb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 