---
title: "Pharmacare (Asia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales Executive (Health Supplements and Skin Care)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "Pharmacare (Asia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive (Health Supplements and Skin Care) which positioned at Muar, Segamat, Johor - Others, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan" 
tags: [Muar, Segamat, Johor - Others, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pharmacare (Asia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive (Health Supplements and Skin Care)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Position Summary</strong></div><ul><li>1 position based in Melaka (Coverage/Respective Teritorry Negeri Sembilan + Melaka + Johor Border).</li><li>Managing sales and budgets within allocated Local Key Account, Mini Chain Pharmacy and Independent Retail Pharmacy accounts in territory.</li><li>Driving and growing territory in accordance with set monthly targets and the yearly budgeted growth.</li><li>Achieving 100% of budget and objectives in accordance with Company guidelines and instructions.</li></ul><div><strong>Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div><ul><li>Selling and calling on all Local Key Accounts, Mini Chain Pharmacy and Independent Pharmacy in assigned territory in accordance with call cycle.</li><li>Ensure all customers are aware of existing/new products and upcoming promotions.&#160;</li><li>Plan and implement Territory plan. &#160;</li><li>Achieve minimum calls rate per day.</li><li>Ensure we have a good coverage of all products in all stores and building product range and volume as required.</li><li>Improving product positioning in allocated territory.</li><li>Administering and processing of all orders in accordance with company policy.</li><li>Execute in-store and window displays.</li><li>Ability to gather market intelligence.&#160;</li><li>Co-ordination of promotions and catalogues with selected accounts.</li><li>Training of pharmacy staff members on new and existing product range.</li><li>Keeping updated on customer order and contact history.</li><li>Planning window or instore displays/promotions with accounts.</li><li>Accepting returns on damaged or out of date products.</li><li>Attendance required to relevant company conferences or sales meetings as required.</li><li>Liaise with internal Sales Manager and provide ongoing feedback relating to all relevant customer information.</li><li>Developing and maintaining rapport with all levels of pharmacy personnel.</li><li>Contribute to the culture of customer service and organisational efficiency and effectiveness by acting ethically, honestly and fairly at all times.</li><li>Attend to customers and others with high quality service.</li><li>Meet all agreed customer deadlines.</li><li>All communication with customers is undertaken in a timely and professional manner.</li><li>Works effectively with PharmaCare colleagues.</li><li>Ensure compliance of all company policies and procedures.</li></ul><div><strong>Skills and Specifications</strong></div></div><ul><li>Understanding of retail pharmacy business including Local Key Accounts, Mini Chain Pharmacy &amp; Independent Pharmacy.</li><li>Experienced and interested in health supplement &amp; skin care category.</li><li>Strong sales skills.</li><li>Basic knowledge in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point &amp; Outlook).</li><li>Ability to understand targets and achieve targets.</li><li>Strong rapport building and interpersonal relationship skills.</li><li>Strong planning, organisational and time management skills.</li><li>Ability to work autonomously.</li><li>Highly motivated.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Founded&#160;<strong>in 1985</strong>&#160;back on Sydney&#8217;s Northern beaches with the core mission of improving lives, PharmaCare is an Australian privately owned company now delivers that promise with our wide range of products to customers in over<strong>&#160;40 countries.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Muar, Segamat, Johor - Others, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-health-supplements-and-skin-care-4452465?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452465&sectionRank=25&token=0~204dcede-464e-44b7-a4f4-811de02fee68&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 