---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Generate sales reports each week and submitting them to the management</li><li>Utilize all available resources to reach out to prospects and attempt to turn those prospects into customers.</li><li>Update client information in the company contact database.</li><li>Stay on top of industry trends to identify potential opportunities for the company growth.</li><li>Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual profitability and performance standards</li><li>Able to address client concern</li><li>Present company product or service to potential and existing clients with the aim of making sales and follows up on referrals and new leads.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Highly motivated and possess and good communication skills</li><li>2-4 years of experience in Automotive outdoor sales</li><li>Strong industry knowledge, market trend and proven sales track record.</li><li>Have own transportation</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div><div>Location: <strong>Johor</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>Automotive solution service provider</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses</strong></li><li><strong>Personal Accident Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>13th Month Contractual Bonus</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile &amp; Multi National Environment</strong></li></ul></div></div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-4452640?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452640&sectionRank=17&token=0~204dcede-464e-44b7-a4f4-811de02fee68&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 