---
title: "Flex Vacancies Planner - (WD102656)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-05 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Planner - (WD102656) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Planner - (WD102656)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Material Planner </b>will be based in <b><b>Senai, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for&#160;<span>maintaining materials/purchasing data, supply data and information to other production departments, coordinate contracts, maintain Certificates of Conformance for all suppliers, and create and maintain outsources parts schedules.</span></p><p><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b></p><ul><li>Assists in auditing data for accuracy and preparing summary reports, spreadsheets, graphics and charts based on the analysis of data.</li><li>May assist in the preparation of recommendations to management based on the analysis of data.</li><li>Collects, compiles, analyzes and presents various types of data.</li><li>Prepares summary reports, spreadsheets, and charts based on analysis of data from multiple sources, which may include but will not be limited to customer bills of material reports, staff metrics, PPV metrics, and PPV form tracking.</li><li>May create and/or maintain databases in support of data collection.</li><li>Audits data. Challenges and resolves data integrity issues, including but not limited to quotations.</li><li>Proactively identifies and escalates potential issues related to metrics.</li><li>Where applicable, suggest process/communication improvements relative to metric tracking activities.</li><li>Tracks materials financial performance, and initiate corrective actions when required.</li><li>Daily review of RMA transactions</li><li>Create weekly purchase orders including all client parts</li><li>Receive data entry for clients</li><li>Update content list and item master</li><li>Prepare DPT packing list for LCAD repairing</li><li>Window to client material (consigned parts) supply</li><li>Window to client bulk RMA service</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b></p><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><li>Minimum 3-4 years of working experience in the related field is required</li></ul><p><span>NS27</span></p><p><span>#LI-NI1</span></p><b>Job Category</b>Global Procurement &amp; Supply Chain<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: <span><span><span><span><span><span><span><span>chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com</span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Flex is a leading sketch-to-scale&#8482; solutions company that designs and builds intelligent products for a connected world. With more than 200,000 professionals across 30 countries and a promise to help make the world Live Smarter&#8482;, the company provides innovative design, engineering, manufacturing, real-time supply chain insight and logistics services to companies of all sizes in various industries and end-markets.&#160;For more information please visit our careers page at www.flex.com.&#160;</p>
<ul><li><strong>Industry:&#160;</strong>Electrical / Electronic&#160;Manufacturing</li>
<li><strong>Type:&#160;</strong>Public Company</li>
<li><strong>NASDAQ</strong>: FLEX</li>
<li><strong>Headquarters:&#160;</strong>2 Changi South Lane, Singapore, 486123</li>
<li><strong>Company Size</strong>: 10,001+ employees</li>
<li><strong>Website:&#160;</strong>www.flex.com</li> </ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/planner-wd102656-4437709?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4437709&sectionRank=14&token=0~9f2b1be0-c9ec-467f-b91f-86b4cbd242b6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 