---
title: "Niro Ceramic (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Design Consultant (Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "Niro Ceramic (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Design Consultant (Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply) which positioned at Johor, Melaka, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Niro Ceramic (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Design Consultant (Fresh Graduates are encouraged to apply)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>When you set foot on places like the iconic KLCC Sky Bridge, the bustling KL International Airport 2 and Legoland themed park in Malaysia; the beautiful Marina Residence and Jumerah Heights project in Dubai, UAE; the grand St. Moritz complex in Jakarta, Indonesia; and countless of other commercial and residential spaces in Switzerland, Cyprus, Germany, Spain, Vietnam, China, India, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea and even the Maldives; you are setting foot on the beautiful &amp; high quality Niro Granite tiles of Niro Ceramic Group.</div><div>Building upon the success in the construction industry, Niro Ceramic Group is now expanding with a new service to consumers called Creative Lab &#8211; which gives you instant 3D ambience pictures for you to visualise and imagine your beautiful home with our tiles.</div><div>Presently, we are looking for excellent Design Consultant that is able to make an impact on our organization.</div><div><strong>So, what is your role as Design Consultant?</strong></div><ul><li>Provide consultation to customers on product selection and interior design to help them visualize and materialize their ideas.</li><li>Providing interior design solutions via using our latest 3D software to meet the needs and requirements of our customers</li><li>To build and enhance the designs by having consultative approach and working together with our customers to come out with design/concept and converting these opportunities into potential sales orders.</li><li>To provide good customer service and maintain good relationship with all customers to increase the rate of repeated customers.</li><li>To ensure close follow up with customers to increase sales conversion rate.</li><li>Achieve sales target that has been set to contribute to the branch sales target.</li><li>Identify new business opportunities with interior designers, architects and contractors to increase customer base and drive sales.</li><li>Attend and resolve customers issues promptly.</li><li>To ensure the showroom is well maintained and appears presentable.</li></ul><div><strong>To success in this role, you need:</strong></div><ul><li>Customer service oriented and able to communicate well.</li><li>Enjoys having conversation with all levels of customers.</li><li>Relevant design sales experience.</li><li>Must be willing to work on weekends (additional allowance will be given)</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li></ul><div><strong>What else that makes you want to join Niro?</strong></div><ul><li>Attractive salary + Commission + Employee benefits (Medical + Insurance coverage)</li><li>Meal allowances provided</li><li>Weekends allowances provided.</li><li>Transport and phone allowances provided</li><li>Training provided to ensure your career growth!</li></ul><div><strong>What are you waiting for? </strong>Tell us about your Sales/Design experiences in<strong> </strong>"<strong>WHY HIRE ME" </strong>section.</div><div>We shortlist a lot of candidate who put that extra effort!</div><div>Click that "<strong>APPLY NOW</strong>" button and we will be in touch with you in shorlty.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Niro Ceramic has been around for more than 30 over years. Founded in the year 1979; the first manufacturing plant was established in Cresiano, Switzerland to announce the presence of porcelain tiles to the world. Ever since that, varieties of tiles were exported worldwide and the rapid growth in Asia markets eventually led to the success of Niro Ceramic Malaysia&#8217;s establishment in 1988 and Niro Ceramic Indonesia in 1995. Attribute to the further market demand and expansion of our own capacity, Niro Ceramic established its operation in Foshan, China as an outsourcing operation, where contractors and factories were carefully selected to produce as according to our design and specifications. A complete organization was established in China is to ensure to have the same stringent quality product and efficiency of customer service.<br>
<br>
	The continuous investment and adaptation to meet customers&#8217; demand have caused the further expansion of Niro Ceramic Group&#8217;s network across to Vietnam and resulted in Niro Ceramic Vietnam being established in 2010. On the same year, Niro Ceramic Group has also started its Distribution Centre and Showroom in Alcora, Spain. Having diversity of networks across the globe has resulted Niro Ceramic Group into being the leading suppliers that is backed with large stock keeping to ensure prompt deliveries.<br>
<br>
	For over 3 decades, Niro Ceramic has succeeded in preserving the Swiss Heritage of always delivering high quality products and services to the customers despite having many new product lines and numerous geographical expansions.<br>
<br>
	Moving forward, our people are enthusiastic with the great possibilities ahead. As clearly stated in our corporate mission statement, we strive to bring you the best trendy collection of high quality porcelain tiles, efficient customer services and most important of all, the strategies value added we bring to our partnership all around the world.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/design-consultant-fresh-graduates-are-encouraged-to-apply-4451628?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451628&sectionRank=15&token=0~001fbd9c-6e64-4e88-a2d0-369ccad8856b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 