---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-07 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Implement effective recruitment, establish and apply effective retention strategies including career development, learning and work environment.</li><li>Manage the salary budget to ensure costs are within budget &amp; provide accurate information to support annual operating plans and salary reviews.</li><li>Preparing and processing timely distribution of salary, bonus, increment salary slip, and leave encashment and full/final settlements reports.</li><li>Handling insurance related issues and keeping records of staff insurance and ensuring timely renewal.</li><li>Ensuring and liaising with all government agencies to ensure adherence to compliance.</li><li>Recording, maintaining and monitoring attendance to ensure employee punctuality.</li><li>Maintaining and regularly updating master database (personal file, personal database, etc.) of each employee.</li><li>Checking any claim expenses and record in relevant software for timely credit of the amount into employee's accounts.</li><li>Preparing any related HR letters.</li><li>Review, formulate, develop and implement Human Resource policies, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and guidelines to ensure compliance and effectiveness.</li><li>Attend to all disciplinary issues, staff counseling &amp; grievances, terminations and other employee related matters in compliance with labour laws.</li><li>Carry out all duties as assigned by the Management from time to time.</li><li>Undertake any ad-hoc assignment assigned by the Management as and when required.</li></ul><strong>JOB REQUIRMENTS:</strong><ul><li>Able to speak and write Mandarin, English and Bahasa Malaysia may be preferred.</li><li>High level of confidentiality, professionalism and integrity.</li><li>Highly computer literate in Microsoft Office and various HR software programs including HRIS</li><li>Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills</li><li>Honest, ethical, and dependable</li><li>Experienced in mediation and conflict resolution processes</li><li>Positive, go-getter attitude</li><li>Expert stress management skills and ability to make important decisions under pressure</li><li>strong interpersonal skills, keen to motivate and effectively educate and connect department managers and employees regarding all HR matters</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, any field.</li><li>At least 10&#160;year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Skudai.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives specializing in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today,&#160;<strong>CareerMaster</strong>&#160;represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of&#160;<strong>CareerMaster&#160;</strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div><div><div><div><div>Location:<strong>&#160;</strong><strong>Johor</strong></div><div>Client Profile:<strong>&#160;</strong></div><ul><li><strong>MNC providing&#160;Courier services across Asia.&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>More than 50,000 employees across the South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days:<strong>&#160;5</strong></div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:&#160;</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits - Group Hospitalization / Personal Accident Insurance /&#160;Medical Card for Employee &amp; Immediate Family Members</strong></li><li><strong>Panel Doctor/Dental Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile &amp; Multi National Environment</strong></li></ul></div></div></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong>&#160;jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call&#160;<strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-manager-4419711?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419711&sectionRank=10&token=0~02ac2a82-081c-4332-aadc-b19b9fad67d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 