---
title: "Startek Vacancies Customer Engagement - Fresh graduate are welcome to Apply - JOHOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "Startek is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Engagement - Fresh graduate are welcome to Apply - JOHOR which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Startek is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Engagement - Fresh graduate are welcome to Apply - JOHOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Startek is a leading global provider in outsourcing solution are currently looking for dedicated and talented Customer Service Executive.</div><div><br><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong></div><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Various Allowances</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Attractive Incentives</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Annual Leave</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Sick Leave</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Full Training Provided</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Subsidized accommodation (if needed)</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Shuttle service provided based on specific location. (JB Area)</li></ul><strong>To be successful in this role, you will need to have</strong><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Able to work on Rotating Shift (24/7)</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Excellent and fluent in Bahasa and English languages</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Must be energetic, positive minded and good team player</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Applicants must be Malaysian citizen</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; At least SPM graduate who are interested to start their career in a call center are also encouraged&#160;&#160; to&#160;&#160; apply</li></ul><div><strong>You will play an important role in:</strong></div><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Handling all outbound calls</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; To exceed customers expectation in terms of customer service &amp; accurate information</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Work in a team to achieve the required KPI elements and SLA</li></ul><br><strong>Career Prospect:</strong><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Internal Job Posting: opportunity to apply to transfer within Startek Malaysia or to other Startek locations worldwide at the discreation on Management.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Startek hires from across the globe so there is an opportunity to interact with people from different cultures and ethnicity (Europe, Asia Pacific, etc)</li></ul><strong>Career Growth &amp; Training Programs:</strong><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Career Path: Executive &gt; Senior Executive &gt; Specialist &gt; Team Leader &gt; Assistant Manager &gt; Manager</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; iSTAR &#8211; System for Appraisal &amp; Rewards &#8211; The STAR training is to help Startek employees to identify their weakness and to develop future leaders for the company.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; English Training &#8211; Startek provides English training for Startek employees who would like to improve their communication &amp; business writing skills.</li></ul><strong>Call for Action!</strong><ul><li>Are you ready to make that career shift? Trust us, this role is always on-demand and you will grow a great portfolio with us. This opportunity does not come often. Click that &#8216;Apply Now&#8217; button and we will talk to you soon.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>About STARTEK</strong><br>
	Startek is a leading global provider of technology-enabled business process outsourcing solutions. The company provides omni-channel customer experience management, back office and technology services to corporations around the world across a range of industries. The company has more than 45,000 outsourcing experts across 54 delivery campuses worldwide that are committed to delivering transformative customer experiences for clients. Services include omni-channel customer care, customer acquisition, order processing, technical support, receivables management and analytics through automation, voice, chat, email, social media and IVR, resulting in superior business results for its clients. To learn more about Startek&#8217;s global solutions, please visit <strong>www.startek.com.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-engagement-fresh-graduate-are-welcome-to-apply-johor-4418195?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4418195&sectionRank=1&token=0~89b77204-2d4c-4a90-a7a6-d608386b3d9e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 