---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Commercial Manager (Electronic Industry)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-07 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Commercial Manager (Electronic Industry) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Commercial Manager (Electronic Industry)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>Possess strong motivation to achieve or exceed overall corporate objectives</li><li>Proactively identify &amp; develop strategic business plans, new market opportunities &amp; expand market coverage</li><li>Identify key differentiators and value-added offerings.</li><li>Prepare sales analysis report</li><li>Develop strategic relationships with key customers</li><li>Responsible for supporting &amp; maintaining existing customers</li><li>Work closely with technical department to provide product support to customers, and provide technical feedback to the technical team.</li><li>Budget &amp; forecasting responsibilities</li><li>To work closely with other Commercial Manager in other regions</li></ul>&#160;<strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>Recognized Diploma/Degree holder with minimum 5 years of relevant working experience; or</li><li>Familiar &amp; industry experience of the Asean countries is definitely an advantage.</li><li>Strong business acumen&#160; &amp; analytical skills to synthesize information into actionable business strategy</li><li>Minimum 2 years experience working in electronic/ Semiconductor industry e.g. Surface Mount Technology (SMT) and wave-soldering processes environment.&#160; Familiar with above processes is definitely an advantage; or</li><li>Good communication &amp; presentation skills, or</li><li>Ability to thrive in a fast&#8211;paced ever-changing environment.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today,&#160;<strong>CareerMaster</strong>&#160;represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of&#160;<strong>CareerMaster&#160;</strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div><div><div><div><div>Location:&#160;<strong>Johor&#160;</strong></div><div>Client's Profile:</div><ul><li><strong>Specialized in soldering technology with more than 30 years of history.&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Founded in Singapore and successfully extend its business in Malaysia and China.</strong></li></ul><div>&#160;<br>Working Days:<strong>&#160;5</strong></div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few Months</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Card</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Outstanding career development opportunities</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly, well-organized, systematic, high-technology environment to work in</strong></li></ul></div></div></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong>&#160;jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call&#160;<strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-commercial-manager-electronic-industry-4419726?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419726&sectionRank=22&token=0~02ac2a82-081c-4332-aadc-b19b9fad67d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 