---
title: "Laubros Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Human Resource & Admin Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-07 
excerpt: "Laubros Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resource & Admin Assistant Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Laubros Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resource & Admin Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div></li><li>To assist HR &amp; Admin Manager on facilities maintenance, security, payroll administration, recruitment, training and development, employee relations, compensation and benefits, performance management, preparation HR letter and report.</li><li>To handle foreign worker issue, work permit issue, licensing matter and any issue related to government department (Immigration, Customs, Police and etc.)</li><li>To assist HR &amp; Admin Manager formulate and implement and control of Human Resources policies and procedures for the company.</li><li>Enforcement and control of employee relation system to ensure the compliance to the regulation and code of conduct to create industrial harmony and good working environment within the staff.</li><li>Responsible in handling asset, utilities and maintenance of company premises.</li><li>To assist HR &amp; Admin Manager in dealing with foreign workers affairs (dealing with labor office and legal requirements and ensure policies, procedures and reporting and compliances).</li><li>Fully controlling CIDB related matters (green card monitoring, upgrading CIDB license, renewal</li><li>and levy issue).</li><li>Ensure compliance to corporate policies, governmental regulation or employee law regulations to</li><li>limit the legal exposure and liability.</li><li>Responsible for cleanliness and proper maintenance of the company premises.</li><li>To monitor and manage company vehicle inspection, insurance, road tax and disposal.</li><li>To liaise with site office equipment provider to ensure proper work function.</li><li>To monitor and planning for stationary use at office and site.</li><li>To monitoring of purchasing and disposal of machinery/equipment activities.</li><li>Maintain systematic filling system and safe keeping of documents for smooth data retrieving.</li><li>Any other job/duties assigned by immediate superior from time to time.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree, Master's Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Human Resource Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): IR, Microsoft Office</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Knowledge and experience in&#160;ISO 9001:2015, Quality Management System.</li><li>Computer literate &amp; competent in MS office.</li><li>Good interpersonal &amp; communication skill to effectively interact with people at all level.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>LAUBROS Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd (LHSB)</strong> aims to be a leading construction company that is respected for its devotion to employees' health and safety at work and its commitment to protect the environment.</div>
<div>The Company is formed since 1981 with the name of <strong>"Syarikat Lau Brothers Construction &amp; Earthworks"</strong> and was converted to private limited company in 1994 under the current name of <strong>"LAUBROS Holdings (M) Sdn. Bhd."</strong>.&#160; The company has thus far undertaken numerous projects ranging from shipyard engineering workshop, palm oil refining plants, commercial building, showroom warehouse and residential project.</div>
<div>Due to our expansion, we are&#160;looking for qualified candidates to apply for the above mentioned position:</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resource-admin-assistant-manager-4419040?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419040&sectionRank=27&token=0~02ac2a82-081c-4332-aadc-b19b9fad67d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 