---
title: "More Vacancies Boilerman" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "More is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Boilerman which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>More is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Boilerman</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure the operation of boilers meets the relevant Statutory requirement; prepare and assist for JKKP boiler annual inspection.</li><li>To ensure the safety of boiler system operation and cleanliness of environment.</li><li>To control water supply quality and level to the boiler by monitoring RO plant and utilizing the DCS system.</li><li>To undertake preventive maintenance of boilers/turbine system and RO plant to minimize breakdowns and/or avoid disruption to the production process/customer delivery schedules.</li><li>To maintain the relevant records for boiler operation and repair.</li><li>To ensure sufficient steam distribution for the plant process and ensure the RO plant process running in smooth operation.</li><li>To record daily boiler operation data in logbook and report for any abnormality.</li><li>To prepare and assist in JKKP annual boiler inspection.</li><li>To ensure proper handover procedure when changing shift.</li><li>To assist in troubleshooting of process and equipment failure on steam generation system and turbine system.</li><li>To assist in overhaul of boilers and associated equipment.</li><li>To undertake any other tasks as directed by the Superior/Management as and when required.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least an SPM/STPM or equivalent.</li><li>Minimum of 2-3 years&#8217; working experience in boiler operation and in a manufacturing environment.</li><li>Possess Boilerman Certificate Grade 1 or 2 certified by DOSH/JKKP.</li><li>Preferably with experience in waste heat boiler, steam turbine operation and boiler water treatment system (such as DM or RO plant).</li><li>Experienced in Chemical Plant and knowledge in boiler control system using DCS is an added advantage.</li><li>Willing to work on shift and Public Holidays.</li></ul><div><br>For more information on our Group of Companies, please visit us at www.taikogroup.net<br>All applications will be treated with strict confidentiality. Only short-listed candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The Taiko Group is one of Malaysia's most dynamic and versatile privately held business groups. The Group's headquarters is based in Ipoh, Perak, malaysia with operations spread throughout Asia and Europe. The Taiko name is synonymous with dynamic and sustainable growth, sound financial fundamentals, professional management and a strong commitment to quality and excellence.</div>
<div>
<br>
	Our Clay Business Group is the world&#8217;s fastest growing bleaching clay / activated clay producer. Taiko bleaching earth business started at the time when Malaysian palm oil production was around 5 million metric tons per year. Today, we have 6 manufacturing plants in Asia Pacific with capacity of 500,000 metric tons per year.</div>
<div>
<br>
	Our Group's core product is Bleaching Earth, a highly effective adsorbent essential in the refining process for the purification and decolourisation of edible and non-edible oils, fats, tallow, petroleum jelly, paraffin oil and waxes. Today, Taiko Bleaching Earth are used in over 50 countries for the refining of all major vegetable oils and animal fats.</div>
<div>
<br>
	Sulphuric Acid manufacturing is one of the other businesses in our Bleaching Earth Busines group. With the new plant in Pasir Gudang, Johor, our Group now has 2 Sulphuric Acid plants in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/boilerman-4401439?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4401439&sectionRank=19&token=0~162c61fe-e2e2-4756-8ca6-ead3673e45b7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 