---
title: "QUICKER SERVICES SDN BHD Vacancies Customer Service" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-14 
excerpt: "QUICKER SERVICES SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>QUICKER SERVICES SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Description&#65306;</strong></div><div>1.&#160;<strong>Job Title&#65306;Customer Service</strong></div><div>2.&#160;<strong>Company&#65306;Quicker Services Sdn Bhd</strong></div><div>3.&#160;<strong>Location&#65306;43-01 , Jalan Kebun Teh 1 , Taman Kebun Teh , Larkin 80250 Johor.</strong></div><div>4.&#160;<strong>Working Hour : 6 day in week. ( 10am &#8211; 7pm )</strong></div><div>5.&#160;<strong>Salary : Start to RM1,500 + Commission ( The basic salary is determined by the interviewer&#8217;s work experience, interview ability, language ability, etc. )</strong></div><div>6.&#160;<strong>Job Type&#65306;Full-time</strong></div><div>7.&#160;<strong>Education : SPM or above.</strong></div><div>8.&#160;<strong>Language : Tamil / English or minor languages (Hindi/ Malayalam/ Punjabi/ Telugu/ Urdu/ karnada)</strong></div><div>9.&#160;<strong>Skill : Customer service experience / Basic computer skill</strong></div><div>10.&#160;<strong>Personality : Necessary to have clear thinking, good language expression, strong corresponding ability, sense of responsibility, self-motivated, and ability to be competent in the job in order to achieve good work performance.</strong></div><div>13.&#160;<strong>Job Scope&#65306;According to company SOP, providing customers call service. Basic knowledge on multi languages are highly recomended, outspoken to customers on due date reminding.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Refinancing service Company and product introduction</strong></div>
<div><strong>QUICKER SERVICES SDN BHD is a branch of Fujin International Service Co., Ltd in Malaysia. QUICKER SERVICES SDN BHD is a well-known human resource solution provider in Asia. It was established </strong><strong>the </strong><strong>&#160;headquartered in Singapore</strong><strong>&#160;during</strong><strong>&#160;2017. At present,</strong><strong>&#160;Fujin International Service Co., Ltd</strong><strong>&#160;are located in Delhi</strong><strong>(</strong><strong>India</strong><strong>)</strong><strong>, Bangalore</strong><strong>(</strong><strong>India</strong><strong>)</strong><strong>, Jakarta</strong><strong>(</strong><strong>Indonesia</strong><strong>)</strong><strong>, Johor</strong><strong>&#160;Bahru(</strong><strong>Malaysia</strong><strong>)</strong><strong>, and </strong><strong>also </strong><strong>Singapore. We are committed to providing customers with high-quality preparation consulting, personne</strong><strong>l </strong><strong>recruitment training, assessment consulting, and customer service center outsourcing services.</strong></div>
<div><strong>Currently serving Amazon, OPPO, </strong><strong>O</strong><strong>dafone, NBFCs and other companies, the Delhi office in India has 300 employees (will continue to expand into an office with 1,000 employees), and Bangalore, India plans to expand the service team by 1,000 people. In the future, the Indian market business is the group&#8217;s high growth </strong><strong>c</strong><strong>ore </strong><strong>b</strong><strong>usiness.</strong></div>
<div><strong>The company's co-founder and senior executives have rich corporate management experience (human resources services) in India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and other countries, and are excellent multinational entrepreneurs.</strong></div>
<div><strong>Our corporate development vision is to become an excellent human resource solution provider. With the rapid economic growth of India, the business of local and multinational companies in India has grown rapidly, and the demand for customer service is increasing. Human resource management has become The biggest bottleneck of enterprise development, our service is to help enterprises solve complex customer service center problems.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-4442134?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4442134&sectionRank=16&token=0~e52c60fe-3d70-4cd0-a935-34fb5807d499&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 