---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Logistics & WH Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-10 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Logistics & WH Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Logistics & WH Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Summary</strong><br>The Logistics Manager/ Asst. Manager is responsible for the entire process of all in-bound and out-bound materials and deliveries. He/ She is to ensure the coordination and handling between local compliances (MITI, MIDA, custom, SIRIM, Port authority, and etc.,..). She/ he is to ensure the inventory accuracy in the warehouse, furnishing monthly / yearly reporting and renewal of our LMW license, management of general / schedule waste, and also ensuring continuous price reviews on freights and scraps.</div><div><br><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure the inventory accuracy in warehouse</li><li>To conduct monthly cycle count</li><li>Furnish monthly/ yearly reporting on for LMW, which includes import/ export/ waste reporting</li><li>Preparation and handling of audits by external interested party</li><li>Ensure On-Time delivery to customers</li><li>Responsible for tax exemption application</li><li>Selection of routes to optimize freight rates and smooth process of shipments</li><li>Participating in continuous improvement of ERP database.</li><li>Following adequate training to acquire the necessary knowledge of our products.</li><li>To manage and communicate with freight forwarders</li><li>Perform (bi-) yearly tenders/ RFQ&#8217;s for all logistic services to achieve competitive pricing and service.</li><li>Choose most economic freight while still meeting customer &amp; production demands</li><li>Create and work according to SOP to realize a high performing Logistics &amp; WH operation.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong><br>To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.<br>The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.</div><ul><li>Customer &amp; OTD minded.</li><li>Knowledge and experience in compliances from MITI, MDA, Customs, SIRIM</li><li>Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.</li><li>Ability to function effectively in challenging situations.</li><li>Ability to work independently, interdependently with other areas of the company as well as acting as solid team player.</li><li>Ability to take initiatives and being very well organized.</li><li>Pro-active and autonomous</li></ul><div><strong>Education and/or Experience&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Experience in handling issues and compliances from local authority, having experiences in customs is a plus.</li></ul><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br><strong>Language Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Ability to effectively communicate in the English and Bahasa languages verbally and in writing.</li></ul><div>&#160;<br><strong>Computer Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li><li>ERP database or Oracle knowledge.</li></ul><div><strong>Customer Expectations</strong></div><ul><li>Proactive</li><li>Good communication skills</li><li>Understand the customer&#8217;s needs and demands, and react to the situation</li><li>Recommend optional transportation modes, routing, and freight rates</li><li>Resolve problems concerning transportation, imports/ exports&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Work Environment</strong><br>The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job, and is exposed to moderate noise levels.</div><div><strong>Work Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Compliance with all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-logistics-wh-manager-4441268?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4441268&sectionRank=25&token=0~218585d8-8bd0-4fb9-afad-a14327277ceb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 