---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd Vacancies Retail Promoter (Indoor & Outdoor) - Nationwide Vacancies Available" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Retail Promoter (Indoor & Outdoor) - Nationwide Vacancies Available which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Asia Recruit Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Retail Promoter (Indoor & Outdoor) - Nationwide Vacancies Available</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are representing our client who is one of the Top leading telecommunication service provider in Malaysia.</div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Attracts potential customers by answering product and service questions (Flex Hotlink Postpaid and Fibre Products)</li><li>Suggesting information about other products and services</li><li>Driving Fibre and Flex Solution and creating conversation with customers to enrich their Lifestyles</li><li>Participate in outreach activities to gain market share for Fibre and Flex</li><li>Need to participate in various outdoor activities (roadshow, roving)</li><li>Need to do outdoor sales and Roving</li><li>Build lasting relationship with customers by contacting the customers for Fibre and flex and follow up purchases, suggest purchase option.</li><li>Support Maxis Centre Operation during peak hours and weekends</li><li>Capture opportunities on SME conversation</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Able to speak English and Malay.</li><li>Working experience at least 1 year at Retail, Mall or Hotel.</li><li>Able to handle enquiry and complaint</li><li>Good customer service skill</li><li>Able to perform cross sell and upsell</li><li>Min qualification SPM and above.</li></ul><div><strong>Remuneration &amp; Benefits:</strong></div><ul><li>Basic Salary (RM 1500 Max)&#160;</li><li>Fixed Allowance (RM 200)&#160;</li><li>Entitled to Commission/Incentives (RM 500 - RM 1000++)</li><li>Medical&#160;</li><li>EPF &amp; Socso</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>It is <strong>Asia Recruit's</strong> (<strong>www.asiarecruit.com.my</strong>) vision to enrich people's lives through a better employment opportunities and to provide companies with quality HR consultancy and solutions that help them to get the right candidate, increase productivity, improve efficiency and manage the bottom line.</div><div>As a licensed recruitment agency in Selangor, Melaka and Johor, with license no: JTK 1867, JTK 2467 &amp; JTK 2623 and Endorsan 775, under the Ministry of Human Resources, Malaysia, we represent our clients, <strong>locally and internationally </strong>from small to large multinational organisations from various industries such as oil and gas, manufacturing, call centre, telecommunication, healthcare, technology, FMCG and many more with specialisation in the areas of human resources, accounting, customer service, engineering, IT, administration, sales, marketing, etc.</div><div>For more job listing from our companies, please visit <strong>http://www.jobstreet.com.my/career/asiarecruit.htm</strong>.</div><div>Our established client is looking for dynamic and result oriented candidate to fill their current job opening.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/retail-promoter-indoor-outdoor-nationwide-vacancies-available-4418857?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4418857&sectionRank=11&token=0~89b77204-2d4c-4a90-a7a6-d608386b3d9e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 