---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd Vacancies Digital Marketing | Graphic Designer | Multimedia | Ecommerce #Reputable MNC" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-27 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Digital Marketing | Graphic Designer | Multimedia | Ecommerce #Reputable MNC which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Digital Marketing | Graphic Designer | Multimedia | Ecommerce #Reputable MNC</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>What we Offer</strong></div><ul><li>Reputed MNC, Valuable Experience, Great Exposure</li><li>Attractive Salary Package</li><li>Work Life Balance Enviroment&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Opening Vacancy</strong></div><ul><li>Junior Graphic Designer &#8211; <strong>Masai, Johor</strong></li><li>Graphic Designer - P<strong>etaling Jaya, Selangor</strong></li><li>Social Media Marketer &#8211; <strong>Skudai, Johor</strong></li><li>Digital Marketer / Multimedia Executive &#8211; <strong>JB town, Johor</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Requirement</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Professional Certificate, Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, in Marketing, Commerce, Art/Design/Creative Multimedia, Advertising/Mediaor equivalent.</li><li>At least 1 to 5 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior or Senior Executives specializing in Digital Marketing, Multimedia, Graphics Design or equivalent.</li><li>Good communication skill in English and Bahasa, <strong>Mandarin</strong> would be an additional advantage</li><li>Good copywriting skills in trilingual</li><li>Digital savvy with strong knowledge in the different digital marketing platforms</li><li>5 Full-Time position(s) available.</li><li>Willing to be based at Johor Bahru or Petaling Jaya</li></ul><div><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Develop, design and manage digital online (Website, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter)</li><li>Develop artwork and design overall layout for company marketing projects for social media, website, offline marketing events activity, promotions, campaigns, and any marketing platforms to improve the number of leads and brand positioning.</li><li>Design creation branding, VI visual identification, web design and video.</li><li>Provide creative idea for content marketing, update website and observing local/global trends.</li><li>Work closely with the marketing team and liaise with external resource on all aspects of projects.</li><li>Review new technologies and keep the company at the forefront of development in digital marketing.</li><li>Knowledge of online media marketing paid search, display advertising, google adword and other digital marketing channels.</li><li>Able to perform company assignments, ad-hoc functions and related duties when required.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>We are a Boutique Recruitment Firm. Winners of HR Vendor of the Year 2018 #HRVOTHY2108 &amp; Recruitment Agency of the Year 2019 (Gold Winner) at Asia Recruitment Awards 2019.</strong><br><br>Jobbuilder prides itself as a boutique recruitment firm. We have been extremely successful focusing on recruiting for established and new start-up companies. We attributed that a large part of that success is thanks to the boutique firm&#8217;s structure.</div><div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd is a license recruitment agency (JTK2872)&#160;</strong>that plays an active role in providing recruitment services through rigorous efforts exercised by its dynamic workforce. Together with our associate companies, we provide a full range of HR services in terms of various recruitment services to fulfill our customer needed. We believe that the best HR solutions is done catering to the changing needs of customers from time to time. Therefore, we strive to be as innovative as possible when helping our customers to solve their problems. We started our business on the following specialisation:</div><div><ul><li>Specialised Executive Search</li><li>Contract Staffing Centre (RPO)</li><li>HR Shared Service (HRSS)</li><li>Payroll Process Outsourcing</li><li>Interview Event</li></ul></div><div>Do contact us for more details at www.jobbuilder.com.my or email us at <strong>marketing@jobbuilder.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Contact us: 07-2223334 / 011-55003334/ 011-55013334</strong><br>&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/digital-marketing-%7C-graphic-designer-%7C-multimedia-%7C-ecommerce-reputable-mnc-4412732?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4412732" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 