---
title: "Tropicana Corporation Berhad Vacancies Project Executive (Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "Tropicana Corporation Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Executive (Johor) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tropicana Corporation Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Executive (Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Assist the Project Manager and Superitendent, where applicable, in the day to day duties of the project's administration.</li><li>Working closely under the guidance and direction and direction of the Project Manager and Superidendent.</li><li>Assist in plan and specification analysis in order to provide clear, trackable, and coordinated interpretations of the design/drawings for construction.</li><li>To check and recommend solutions to the design document problems, including conflicts, interferences, discrepancies and errors/omissions.</li><li>Maintain and update the Shop Drawing Log, review Shop Drawings and submittals.</li><li>Liaise with all the consultants in expediting drawings, related information.</li><li>Monitor field work, including contract work, to ensure compiance with company standards &amp; requirements, procedures, specifications and codes.</li><li>Monitor project cost and schedule performance including prociding project cost and schedule control when needed.</li><li>To advise the Project Manager and Superintendent on the status of RFIs/VPRs.</li><li>Coordinate submittals and procure all close-out documents including warranties and Operating and Maintenance Manuals.</li><li>Ensure completion of final project documentations.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma,&#160;Degree in Civil Engineering, Architecture, Electrical Engineering or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience with demonstrated competency in prociding executive level support.</li><li>Good computer skills in Microsoft Words, Excel, Power Point.</li><li>Good command in English, Mandarin and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Initiative, independent, mature and able to meet tight deadlines in a challenging environment.</li><li>Proactive, hardworking, multi-tasking and resourceful with sense of urgency.</li><li>Excellent interpersona, communication, presentation, negotiation and reporting skills.</li><li>Preferably Executive specializing in Engineering - Civil/Construction/Structural, Property/Real Estate or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position available.</li><li>Able to start work immediately will be added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Tropicana is a pioneer in resort-style home concepts with a strong track record in residential and commercial developments. We have successfully manages a realm of businesses that includes Property Investment, Property Management, Investment Holding and Manufacturing. This large scale of successful ventures propelled the Group onto the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia in 1992. By winning the International Property Award Asia Pacific and BCI Asia Top 10 Developers in year 2012, the company has also widened its geographical reach and scope beyond the Klang Valley to prime locations in Penang, Johor Bahru, Negeri Sembilan and Sabah.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-executive-johor-4416583?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416583&sectionRank=27&token=0~a6e619a8-d72b-4379-aaa4-1ff499d46496&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 