---
title: "More Vacancies Clerk" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "More is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clerk which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>More is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clerk</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Haba Stress Engineerin</strong></div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><ul><li>To do and manage company&#8217;s document for SSM, CIDB, Company&#8217;s Loan Application, Company&#8217;s license (MOF, Petronas, PKK, SPKK), ISO 9001, Vendor registration and administrative.</li><li>To do and manage monthly payment: KWSP, SOCSO, Utility Bill, LHDN and Director&#8217;s expenses.</li><li>Liaise with Company secretary and auditor for any communication, compiling file &amp; document, Financial/ annual report, compiling invoice &amp; receipt, documentations scanning and etc.</li><li>To handle and manage human resource for all staff: Offer letter, training, leave, monthly staff&#8217;s claim and petty cash.</li><li>To do the summary work done claim and furnish the time sheet.</li><li>To do for monthly salary and payroll, client&#8217;s claim, purchasing, quotation, work report and procedure, replying email, submit SOA to client and pursue client&#8217;s payment.</li><li>To do the company project team entry vehicle/ person pass application for project, update all work progress and all direct instruction from project director.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Job Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>Ability to remain calm with difficult customers.</li><li>Prior experience in retail.</li><li>Ability to work in a team.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Who are we?</strong></div>
<div>
	Jora Malaysia is a search engine for jobs throughout Malaysia.<br>
	Unlike traditional job boards, users can search through thousands of career opportunities, all sourced from many job sites from around Malaysia.&#160;</div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>This Job Ad is one of the carefully selected pick from the clients of Jora Malaysia.</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Your application will be redirected to them.</strong></div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clerk-4422387?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4422387&sectionRank=4&token=0~162c61fe-e2e2-4756-8ca6-ead3673e45b7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 