---
title: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Quality Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-11 
excerpt: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Quality Engineer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Quality Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><br><strong>Summary</strong><div>The Quality Engineer provides guidance to and interacts with process engineering and management in solving product and process quality issues. Identifies opportunities for improvement and mitigates risks in process deployment and sustaining process capability.</div><strong>Responsibilities</strong><ul><li>Obtains data/information from independent observation, consultation with technical staff, and a study of engineering notes, specifications and documents.</li><li>Creates and maintains standard templates for the various types of process documents and associated information. Stores documents on-line in various databases</li><li>Develops, maintains, and communicates a change management process that conforms to ISO standards.</li><li>Initiates and participates in an annual review process to ensure data integrity and revises existing documentation to reflect process changes.</li><li>Notifies appropriate personnel when new documents have been released and provides controlled copies when necessary.</li><li>Performs independent, comprehensive reviews of the existence, correctness and effectiveness of standards and controls used to perform specific functions.</li><li>Develops, documents, and monitors key processes such as the Corrective Action Process, Audit Process, etc.</li><li>Drive resolution of quality problems working across departments to determine root cause and corrective action</li><li>Will interface with external customers regarding quality issues and corrective action.</li></ul><br><strong>Additional Duties May Include, But Are Not Limited To</strong><ul><li>Guides ISO auditors through documentation, answering and/or redirecting questions. Acts as the lead auditor for Internal Quality System Audits.</li><li>Plans, directs, performs, and reports the results of process, product, systems, supplier, and ISO quality audits.</li><li>Provides consultation and training in the areas of Quality methods, SPC, Workmanship, PCA skills, standards, audit, etc.</li><li>Hosts Customers, Government, ISO or other auditors by providing them necessary assistance in defining and translating quality requirements.</li></ul><br><strong>Knowledge/Skills/Competencies</strong><ul><li>Working knowledge of documentation processes, quality systems, SPC, Lean, CAPA, CI, and PFMEA</li><li>Working knowledge of ISO and regulatory standards.</li><li>Good analytical and problem solving skills.</li><li>Ability to exercise good judgment in implementing change orders that affect pricing, costs, and manufacturing processes.</li><li>Ability to effectively communicate with a wide variety of internal and external customers</li><li>Knowledge of computer applications and the ability to accurately perform tasks in some or all of the following applications:</li><li>MS-Office (Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint) Statistical Analysis Software (Minitab)</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>Requirement:</strong></div><ul><li>3 - 5 years of engineering experience in Quality Engineering, or Manufacturing Engineering in semiconductor or equivalent combination of education and experience.</li><li>Duties of this position are performed in office (30%) and manufacturing production environments (70%).</li><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in related field (Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, or Engineering Technology degrees, etc.)</li><li>Good communication skills</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Senai, Johor.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Business changes quickly. We're looking for people who know how to stay ahead.</strong></div>
<div>
	At <strong>Celestica</strong>, we're dedicated to understanding the challenges our customers face. Our talented global team responds to these challenges with innovative technology and manufacturing solutions for the world's leading electronics companies.</div>
<div>
	From design and assembly, through to fulfillment and end-of-life services, we deliver end-to-end product lifecycle solutions that drive our customers' success in the markets they serve.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/quality-engineer-4442521?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4442521&sectionRank=16&token=0~02ba60d2-c336-4b1f-81df-1d582ecc1dc5&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 