---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Key Account Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Key Account Executive which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Key Account Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>Ensure on-boarding processes meet overall campaign schedule and develop appropriate mitigation plan to secure on-boarding completion date</li><li>Develop positive relationship with the customers, focused on overall campaign delivery</li><li>Perform campaign monitor, control and report campaign execution status, progress and KPIs, ensure full and effective reporting to management such as weekly/monthly report and campaign reviews</li><li>Set priorities to achieve objectives and record all data related to campaign status and communications</li><li>Identify and fulfil customer requirements, regularly inform the customers on campaign status and share information of campaign plan with the customers</li><li>Coordinating internal resources for the flawless execution of on-boarding process</li><li>Follow Standard Operating Procedures</li><li>Supply recurring reporting to customer regarding their campaign performance</li><li>Towards the end of customer contracts, discuss renewal opportunities and work to maintain customer relationship with new contract agreements</li></ul>&#160;<strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong>&#160;<ul><li>Degree/Diploma in business related preferred</li><li>1 years Account Management experience</li><li>1 years' experience in working directly with Customers</li><li>Project Management experience preferred</li><li>Real estate experience preferred</li><li>Spoken and written Chinese and English skills</li><li>Knowledge in using all Microsoft product, especially Excel. Salesforce and Tableau experience a plus.</li><li>Excellent communication skills between internal staff and external customers</li><li>Working with various stakeholders for different accounts, you will need to provide clear goals and guideline to everyone to ensure everyone on the same track</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today,&#160;<strong>CareerMaster</strong>&#160;represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of&#160;<strong>CareerMaster&#160;</strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location:&#160;<strong>Selangor</strong><div>Client's Profile:</div><ul><li><strong>Our client is an&#160;</strong><strong>online marketplace for&#160;properties.</strong></li></ul>Working Days: 5<div>Attractive Benefits Included:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance Coverage</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li></ul></div></div><div><div>Interested candidate, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to&#160;<strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call&#160;<strong>Tel:607 - 3535 294</strong></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/key-account-executive-4432776?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432776&sectionRank=24&token=0~5dfc45e5-5755-4597-8ce8-8345171d7983&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 