---
title: "GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. Vacancies 中文 广东话 English Liaison - Full Time / Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the 中文 广东话 English Liaison - Full Time / Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GP Outsourcing Asia Sdn Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>中文 广东话 English Liaison - Full Time / Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>CANTONESE &#20013;&#25991; &#24191;&#19996;&#35805; ENGLISH LIAISON (WFH - work from home)</strong></div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION (summary)</strong></div><div>You will be a liaison for our clients in the service industry located in US.&#160;</div><div>Your role as liaison means <strong>you must be able to understand Cantonese&#24191;&#19996;&#35805;, &#20013;&#25991; and English.</strong></div><div>You will receive one call at a time. In a call, two people are speaking different languages from each other.</div><div><strong>You will be trained to translate what one person is saying so that the other person hears you speaking in their language that they understand. And repeat. Until they finish speaking and end the call.</strong></div><div>This role involves complex and technical subjects in Healthcare, Government, Insurance, Finance, Utilities, Travel and Hospitality, 911 emergency services, Law Enforcement, Courts, and General Business.<strong> For immediate inquiry, send your inquiry or CV via Whatsapp +6012 202 7068 from Monday to Sunday 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.&#160;</strong></div><div>For further inquiries, interested candidates kindly message us on Facebook.&#160;</div><div><strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong></div><div><br><strong>Benefits:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Salary range</strong> from<strong> RM5280 - RM14000</strong>.</li><li>Full suite of full time employment benefits</li><li><strong>EPF, SOCSO, EIS, Annual Leave, MC, Medical Coverage and Insurance</strong></li><li>Work from home (stay safe)</li><li><strong>Specialized work provisions&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>flexible salary scheme</strong></li><li>Paid annual leave</li><li>Paid sick leave</li><li>Hospitalization benefits</li><li><strong>Paid training period&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Fully paid holiday trip </strong>for top performers ( option for cash)</li><li><strong>Noticable career advancement:</strong></li><li><strong>Executive &gt; senior &gt; team leader &gt; centre manager/ recuitment consultant</strong></li><li>Access to fun and unique periodical company social gatherings</li><li>Commitment by company for <strong>punctual pay-roll</strong></li><li><strong>Performance based incentives</strong></li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS (ONLY APPLY IF YOU QUALIFY MEET ALL REQUIREMENTS)</strong><br>&#8226; Proficient in both <strong>English and Cantonese</strong> (Speak, Read &amp; Write), as <strong>job scope involves translating cantonese to english in real-time</strong><br>&#8226; Computer with webcam<br>&#8226; Must work from home<br>&#8226; Internet connection with min upload speed of 1mb and download speed of 5mb<br>&#8226; Based anywhere in Malaysia<br>&#8226; Willing to work on rotating shift for 8 hours scheduled by client. <strong>(Night &amp; evening Shift)***</strong><br>&#8226; Willing to work on Public Holidays as operation is 24/7</div><div><strong>Note : Candidates with immediate availability or one (1) month notice are encourage to apply.</strong></div><div><strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>ABOUT US</strong></div>
<div>GP Asia Sdn Bhd is a newly incorperated<strong> pioneer-status accredited (by Ministry of International Trade And Industry) company</strong>. We are the pioneers in Malaysia for providing state-of-the-art outsourcing solutions to complicated business obstacles all over Malaysia.</div>
<div><br>
Today the company has employed over 250 different candidates of various background and ethicity to fullfill the multivariate requirements of the private industry which includes <strong>NCR, MRCB, DIEBOLD, CLEANPRO and TANCHONG</strong>. Futhermore in the essence of patriotism, we have also proudly served the public industry which includes <strong>PETRONAS, BANK NEGARA and most recently the national LRT project.</strong></div>
<div><br>
At GP asia Outsourcing Sdn. Bhd. , we focus our efforts on our <strong>employees first.&#160;</strong> As we believe that by treating our members fairly :<strong> with a fair pay, excellent benefits, on-time payroll and performance-oriented incentives</strong> ; this would provide added-value back to our customers.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/中文-广东话-english-liaison-full-time-work-from-home-from-5280-mth-4409587?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4409587&sectionRank=6&token=0~23767195-539d-435e-a4e8-c1e0dc4a42eb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 