---
title: "Coca-Cola Refreshments Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales Team Leader" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-02 
excerpt: "Coca-Cola Refreshments Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Team Leader which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Coca-Cola Refreshments Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Team Leader</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div><ul><li>Manage and lead a team of Market Developers/Direct Sales Representatives in achieving sales<br>and execution targets in assigned territory.</li><li>Visit &amp; develop given set of selected top outlets regularly. Coordinate and achieve sales<br>objectives for the assigned routes, outlets and areas. Meeting category /product wise volume<br>targets.</li><li>Build strong business relationships with customers by adding value to the customer&#8217;s business</li><li>To collaborate with distributors on operational matters from forecasting, inventory<br>management, collection, and delivery.</li><li>Be flexible in your job function and perform any other reasonable duties and responsibilities<br>which may be assigned to you, including redeployment to other department/areas if required,<br>in order to meet business demands and guest service needs</li><li>Originates the route plan of the team, gain concurrence of the Territory Sales Manager and<br>optimize coverage cost effectively.</li><li>Plan, monitor and implement on placement of company assets in the market.</li><li>Effective implementation of sales, promotional, merchandising and advertising programs as<br>specified and assigned for the specified routes areas and outlets. Build strong business<br>relationships with customers by adding value to the customer&#8217;s business.</li><li>Develop a good understanding of the customer business and financials.</li><li>Be flexible in your job function and perform any other reasonable duties and responsibilities<br>which may be assigned to you, including redeployment to other department/areas if required,<br>in order to meet business demands and guest service needs.</li><li>Develop and coach team of Market Developer and Sales Merchandisers.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Qualification Criteria</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree,Marketing, Business Studies/Administration/Management or equivalent</li><li>Added advantage for those with experience in FMCG companies at the similar job level</li><li>Good communication and analytical thinking skills</li><li>Computer literate</li><li>Self-motivated and Goal oriented</li><li>Team player and good people management skills</li><li>Possess own transport and willing to travel</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Coca-Cola Bottlers (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (CCBM) is a subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. Coca-Cola Bottlers (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. is about to embark on an exciting journey towards establishing a world-class beverage business in Malaysia. We have commenced our operations in sales and distribution. Our mission is to be the leading non-alcoholic beverage company in Malaysia. CCBM is an equal opportunity employer and candidates from all backgrounds are encouraged to apply. If you have the passion to create, the energy to perform and the will to succeed - CCBM would like to invites you to build this world-class organization. We are growing and expanding our dynamic team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-team-leader-4435272?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4435272&sectionRank=10&token=0~00ff35fb-b46d-4d5f-89c9-b99fbaa80f19&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 