---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies Design Drafters | 3D Modeler (Autocad | Revit | 3D Max | BIM)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-27 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Design Drafters | 3D Modeler (Autocad | Revit | 3D Max | BIM) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Design Drafters | 3D Modeler (Autocad | Revit | 3D Max | BIM)</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>An excellent opportunity for those who are interested to get into&#160;<strong>THEME &amp; ENTERTAINMENT Industry.&#160;</strong>We are specialised in Theme Park creative design and build.</p><ul><li><strong>Chances to explore into Theme Park industry</strong></li><li><strong>Attractive remuneration for the right candidates</strong></li><li><strong>Chances to travel overseas for theme parks or attractions survey &amp; project meetings</strong></li></ul><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Preparation of drawings from concept design through schematic design and design development to completion of project using Revit / Rhino.</li><li>Review design specifications, measurements and drawings to participate in the process of solving on site problems or design changes.</li><li>Assist in delivery of BIM / CAD / Revit projects.</li><li>Involve in preparation of tender details.</li><li>Ensure drawing and design meet project deadline.</li><li>Generate reports on work progress and forwarding the information to senior team members for review and approval, retaining and maintaining project database for future references.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li>Junior &amp; Senior Positions are available.</li><li>Preferable with relevant working experience in Architectural / Civil and Structure / MEP design and drafting.</li><li><strong>Fresh graduates are also encouraged to apply as necessary training will be provided.</strong></li><li>Related qualification is preferred but not essential as good working attitude is more important.</li><li>Candidates with creative / art talents will be a plus point.</li><li>Working experience in Theme Park industry is preferable but not a must.</li><li>Knowledge in BIM, Revit, 3D max, Rhino, Autocad, Sketchup, Lumion, Photoshop, Zbrush and other design softwares.</li></ul><p><strong>FOR APPLICATION</strong></p><p>Please provide following information together with your CV / resume:-</p><ol><li>Portfolio (if any)</li><li>Date of availability / Notice period</li><li>Current salary</li><li>Expected salary</li><li>Reasons for leaving</li></ol><p>We regret that only shortlisted candidates would be notified.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are specialised in&#160;<strong>ENTERTAINMENT DESTINATIONS DESIGN</strong>&#160;to provide incredible new experience &amp; unforgettable memories to all guests.</p><p>With previous&#160;<strong>architectural technology</strong>&#160;background to later getting into&#160;<strong>Theme &amp; Entertainment industry, </strong>we are where&#160;<strong>creativity Imagineering</strong>&#160;and&#160;<strong>architectural technology combine</strong>&#160;as ONE to create UNIQUE and INCREDIBLE experience into Theme &amp; Entertainment industry.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/design-drafters-%7C-3d-modeler-autocad-%7C-revit-%7C-3d-max-%7C-bim-4412750?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4412750" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 