---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR and Admin Officer (Based in Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR and Admin Officer (Based in Johor) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR and Admin Officer (Based in Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Human Resource</li><li>To prepare payroll on monthly basis&#160;</li><li>Liaise with Malaysia government department, i.e:EPF,Socso,labour department, income tax department.</li><li>In charge of recruitment process.</li><li>Foreign workers permit &amp; Employment pass renewal, new application / Bank account opening</li><li>Preparing &amp; maintaining the training record, competency monitoring,sourcing for suitable training to related department.</li><li>Handle staff&#8217;s grievance, provide counseling</li><li>Keeping &amp; Maintaining HR policy</li><li>Admin</li><li>Hostel management</li><li>Flight &amp; accommodation booking.</li><li>IT support &#8211; coordination on computer breakdown/new computer installation, alarm &amp; cctv.</li><li>To assist in general administrative function.</li><li>Ensure cleaner carries out his/her task.</li><li>First Aid maintenance.</li><li>Security company (if any complain).</li><li>ISO.</li><li>Staff welfare&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least SPM or Diploma in Administrative and IT literate, or</li><li>At least 5 to 6 years of working experience in administrative field is required, or</li><li>Required language : Chinese, English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia (written &amp; oral),or</li><li>Proactive and positive and must be able to work under pressure, or</li><li>Pleasant personality</li><li>Preferably able to start work immediately</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location: <strong>Johor Bahru</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>A major player in soldering technology with more than 30 years of history. Founded in Singapore and successfully extend the business in Malaysia and China</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div>Attractive Benefits Include:<ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few Months</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Card</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Outstanding career development opportunities</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly, well-organized, systematic, high-technology environment to work in</strong></li></ul></div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-and-admin-officer-based-in-johor-4431761?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4431761&sectionRank=23&token=0~ac4f422c-efb1-4b49-bc7a-95b0ba7da1f2&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 