---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies OPERATIONS MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the OPERATIONS MANAGER which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>OPERATIONS MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>OPERATIONS MANAGER:</strong></p><p>The Operations Manager is responsible for achieving the Malaysia Company's sales turnover, supply chain, operations, quality, on time delivery and profit targets and executing the required go forward strategy, driving the implementation plan and providing overall leadership in Malaysia to achieve the growth objectives of a successful and profitable business.</p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><p>The role carries direct managerial responsibility for the production, site supply chain, QHSE and Technical Departments.</p><p>Key tasks and accountabilities include but are not limited to:</p><ul><li>Working with the GM on strategic plans for growth/value and delivering the overall operational strategy for the Mlaysia businesses.</li><li>Ensuring that jobs are manufactured correctly, cost effectively and delivered on time in accordance to customer specification and quality requirements. Reducing Cost of Failure.</li><li>Communicating with all the relevant people &amp; departments and coordinating all relevant inputs (people, plant and processes) to ensure production output and on time delivery targets are achieved.</li><li>Ensuring that the Malaysia business has the necessary manpower, competence, skill, knowledge, plant and tooling required in order to achieve production targets.</li><li>Assume ownership of all commercial matters, leading and supporting the team in tendering, contract negotiation, risk evaluation and the setting of prices, margins and sales strategies.</li><li>Ensure all business stream tragets and objectives are aligned to the strategic aims and all targets and objectives are clearly communicated throughout the organisation.</li><li>Proactively develop productive, long-term, committed relationships with existing and potential customers. Build customer confidence by ensuring the company is highly responsive to each customer's commercial, technical and operational needs.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>The person for the position of Operations Manager will have relevant working experience gained within a best practice production/workshop facility leading teams across production engineering, manufacturing and procurement.</li><li>Able to demonstrate improvements with plant volumes and supplier performance efficiency. Commercially astute and people focused to achieve results in bottom line improvements.</li><li>Ideally be qualified to degree level in Mechanical Engineering or similar technical discipline.</li><li>Additional leadership/management and CI/Lean manufacturing training would be desirable.</li><li>Possess an exceptional track record of leadership within the oil &amp; gas services sector in an internationally-focussed environment.</li><li>A strong and passionate leader with the determination and strength of character to quickly mobilise and motivate the organisation.</li><li>Commercially astute with proven ability in devising compelling, innovative and highly attractive commercial propositions, delivering winning tenders, managing commercial risk, delivering budgets and forecasts and overseeing performance measurement.</li><li>Minimum 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience.</li><li>A good command of the english langauge.</li></ul><p><strong>OTHERS:</strong></p><p><strong>Working hours : Monday-Friday (8.00AM-5.00PM)</strong></p><p>The Company reserves the right to vary or amend the duties and responsibilities of the post holder at any time according to the needs of the business.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are a global market leader in the manufacture and supply of engineered metal solutions, offering a complete and global supply chain capability from original steel and alloy supply to the manufacture of complex components. Exclusively serving the oil and gas sector, the group supplies to customers across the globe from its operating bases in UK, Singapore &amp; Malaysia. </strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operations-manager-4432211?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432211&sectionRank=10&token=0~5dfc45e5-5755-4597-8ce8-8345171d7983&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 