---
title: "EPS Malaysia Vacancies Production Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-14 
excerpt: "EPS Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>EPS Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities :</strong></div><ul><li>Oversee and ensure smooth running of the production outfit to meet customers&#8217; requirements and production schedule; These includes monitoring of existing production lines in factory maintaining a cleaner environment, reduces or eliminate the rejects items during production processes, expedite production processes by using lesser manpower, optimizing production output, maintaining output quality and etc.</li><li>Responsible for leading a team of plant operations including production, engineering, maintenance, planning and product quality to achieve business goals.</li><li>Provide guidance and direction to subordinates, offering professional expertise and monitoring performance to ensure plant, department and individual objectives are achieved within timeline and budget.</li><li>Plan, organize, direct and control manpower and equipment capacity to maximize utilization in order to meet the production schedules.</li><li>To reduce product cost by improving productivity, reducing rejection rate and improving operation method/processes.</li><li>Achieve customer satisfaction through the quality management and timely deliveries.</li><li>Train, develop and motivate subordinates to achieve high-performance standards.</li><li>To initiate problem-solving and troubleshooting processes as so to reduce the production related problems and delays. Work closely with Marketing, Purchasing, Quality and R&amp;D Departments to continually improve quality &amp; on-time deliveries of finished goods.</li><li>Continuous development and implementation of the quality management system, standards, procedures and work instructions for all areas of Production, Engineering &amp; Warehouse.</li><li>To ensure total plant safety, 5S and comply with legal requirements. Responsible for facilities maintenance and security including worker hostel.</li><li>Any other tasks as assigned.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirement :</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor&#8217;s Degree, Graduate Diploma, Engineering(Mechanical) or equivalent.</li><li>A t least 5 year (s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Muar.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Manufacturing/Production Operations or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li><li>Computer literate and hands on experience in quality management system, process improvement and production management.</li><li>Excellent leadership qualities, communication, and interpersonal skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>EPS Malaysia is a leading recruitment, outsourcing and search specialist offering <strong>INNOVATIVE, COST-EFFECTIVE </strong>and <strong>VALUE-ADDED</strong> services to our customers and business partners. Our range of services includes:</div><ul><li>General, Professional and Executive Search</li><li>Managed Services / Manpower Outsourcing</li><li>Recruitment Process Outsourcing</li><li>Payroll Outsourcing</li></ul><div>With regional presence and offices around Asia Pacific, we have worked with many reputable organizations including multi-national corporations, government agencies and local companies to meet with their manpower requirements.&#160; Our long customer list and being awarded with <strong>ISO 9001:2015</strong> standards and multiple achievement awards within the industry is a strong testimony of our track record and professionalism.</div><div>For more details, please visit http://www.eps.my</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-manager-4443924?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4443924&sectionRank=17&token=0~e52c60fe-3d70-4cd0-a935-34fb5807d499&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 