---
title: "Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant IT Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-08 
excerpt: "Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant IT Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant IT Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Work closely with the IT Manager and assist the tasks that assigned.</li><li>Ability to work independently under limited supervision in a diverse environment and function effectively.</li><li>Determine and analyze various processes and implement changes for improvement.</li><li>Maintain essential IT operations, including operating systems, security tools, applications, servers, email systems, laptops, desktops, software and hardware.</li><li>Evaluating existing IT infrastructure and plan for future requirements and improvements</li><li>Lead, manage and supervise team to deliver excellent support service, and ensure projects are being carried out and implemented accordingly.</li><li>Work with the process owners and users to implement IT-related systems to ensure it meets the project objective and schedule.</li><li>Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.</li><li>Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in time.</li><li>Identify training needs and conduct in-house training to users for continuous improvement in relation to IT-related systems.</li><li>To perform any other tasks or assignments as directed by the management from time to time.</li><li>Ensure all IT related inventory and software licensing control is in place. Develop and ensure preventive maintenance of IT-related equipment plans are scheduled, implemented, and evaluated.</li><li>Liaise with vendors to ensure projects are implemented as per specification and according to the agreed timeline.&#160;</li><li>Proactively review, identify, and resolve all IT related issues, coordinate support actions and initiate alternative solutions ensuring compliance with business control measures within a stipulated time.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li>At least a Diploma, Advanced / Higher / Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Professional Degree in Computer Science / Information Technology, Engineering (Computer / Telecommunication) or equivalent.</li><li>&#160;Minimum 3-5 years of working experiences in IT Related/Warehousing environment.</li><li>Good communication skills to liaise with stakeholders and adequate time management ensuring on-time delivery.</li><li>Possess own transport and able to travel</li><li>Proactive working attitude, pleasant personality and honest</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>In year 1986, the establisher Mr Chin Sam Chiap was started to rent and buy land to plant vegetables, Mr Chin work out whole the farm with his family, which is his wife and three sons. Our production increase year to year, due lack of manpower so we hire foreign worker to solve the manpower problem. We sold our product to local wholesaler, but we couldn't get a good priced because the wholesalers control the market price and buy our products with lower price.</div>
<div>Because of this reason, in year 1997, Mr Chin eldest son, our present Director Dato' Chin Boon Tak set up a wholesaler department, he sold the product directly to vegetables retail shop &amp; stall for a higher profit. Furthermore, we also act as a wholesaler to buy other farmer products and sold it directly to retailer.</div>
<div>Due to the growth of business, in year 2004, November 30, they incorporation Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd, it is involved in processed food and provision services in the sector of food industry. These are encompassing importing, exporting, retail and wholesale business. in addition, we are also transaction in all race market, restaurant, mini market, hawker centre and etc.</div>
<div>Most of the local products are directly purchase from local farm, so that our company can provide fresh, cheap and unpolluted vegetables. This is because we are strictly in choosing our products and ensure the farm in fulfils our standard.</div>
<div>Our company also awarded from Ministry Of Agriculture the certificates of SALM, which is inspected by the MOA. With this certificate, we can ensure that our company's farm is fulfilling the standard of MOA.</div>
<div>Now, our company owns 36 outlets all over Johor which provided groceries, fresh fruits and fresh vegetables. We hope our company will extend the business all over the ASEAN in future.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-it-manager-4439147?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439147&sectionRank=24&token=0~e77e977c-a413-4f53-af5b-e15a407bc466&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 