---
title: "Pentas Flora Sdn Bhd (Member of EXSIM Group of Companies) Vacancies Logistic Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-28 
excerpt: "Pentas Flora Sdn Bhd (Member of EXSIM Group of Companies) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistic Manager which positioned at Johor, Melaka, Penang, Perak, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Penang, Perak, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pentas Flora Sdn Bhd (Member of EXSIM Group of Companies) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistic Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new hotel job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>To manage a team of drivers and support staff and processes to ensure that the department operates efficiently and effectively.</li><li>To develop and implement a proactive, planned and structured approach to the maintenance of trucks &amp; equipment keeping within the designated budget and ensuring all trucks &amp; machineries used are fit for purpose and the customer experience is of a high standard. To drive cost or set propose budget and expenses efficiency.</li><li>To monitor all HSE and DOE compliance items including physicals, licenses, driver screening, annual reviews, etc. To ensure that a safety culture exists at all operations &#8211; monitors, audits and reports on the existence of safety programs, understanding and conformity at each operation.</li><li>To take the lead in resolving unforeseen problems as they arise ensuring appropriate resolution of these and to utilize the learning to plan for future similar scenario.</li><li>Providing monthly reporting to monitor logistics performance.</li><li>Work closely with other functions to resolve operational issues and to continuously improve the customer experience as well as internal processes.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Good leadership skills and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Ability to work long &amp; odd hours if needed / required and ability to resolve operational issues.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma or Degree in Logistic/Transportation, Business Studies/ Administration/ Management, or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in the Petrochemical or Oil and Gas field is preferred for this position.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available in Banting (Selangor), Penang, Ipoh, Johor and Melaka.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>PENTAS FLORA is a Scheduled Waste Management company under the wings of Exsim Group of Companies, one of the nation&#8217;s increasingly prominent property developer. As an innovative Scheduled Waste Management company, PENTAS FLORA started off with the passion and persistency of molding a better environmental solution mechanism which would maximise resource value and minimise environmental impacts.</div>
<div>With the constant rise of environmental issues due to impacts caused by hazardous waste, PENTAS FLORA begun operations to subdue these alarming and unhealthy effects by providing alternative solutions to manage waste. Its parent company, Exsim, champions a similar goal in all its development projects by ensuring sustainability efforts in delivering green features and environmentally- friendly buildings.</div>
<div>Despite facing strenuous and tough challenges to operate a business which is mechanical in its nature, our management team emerged successfully by consistently delivering steady and reliable solutions. This was achieved by not only providing reliable solutions and services but also by upholding the key principals that the entire team advocates, which is to do in the best of our ability to keep our environment healthy and pollution free.</div>
<div>At PENTAS FLORA, we are incredibly passionate about saving the earth as it is the roof that shields the entire human population. Therefore, we believe that a transformation that could save the earth is achievable and this is cemented in our mission to encourage greater sustainability awareness through our business. Our commitment is further magnified with our shared vision of combining innovation and technology to distinguish virgin reusable resources from wastes to ensure minimal environmental impact and maximised resource value. Ringing true to our &#8220;from cradle to cradle&#8221; philosophy, we appreciate the fact that our planet sustains us and if treated right, we trust it will grant us the stability to live in proper balance and stability.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Penang, Perak, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistic-manager-4413073?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4413073" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 