---
title: "Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Mobile Marketing Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-07 
excerpt: "Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mobile Marketing Officer which positioned at Johor, Sungai Petani, Kuala Lumpur, Kota Bharu, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan" 
tags: [Johor, Sungai Petani, Kuala Lumpur, Kota Bharu, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Merchantrade Asia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mobile Marketing Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Immediate Vacancies for Mobile Marketing Officers (MMO) &#8211; 30 Vacancies (Multiple locations)</strong></div><div><strong>Location : Sabah, Sarawak, Labuan &amp; West Malaysia</strong></div><div><div><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong><br>The Mobile Marketing Officer&#8217;s core role is to help with customer registration at Valyou Merchant locations. The Mobile Marketing Officer will also be required to promote Merchantrade products such as:</div><ul><li>Merchantrade Money Pre-paid Card</li><li>Merchantrade Insure</li><li>Hello Sim</li></ul><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Customer Registration and Product Awareness<ul><li>To help customers register for the Valyou Mobile Wallet</li><li>Guide the customer on the Valyou Mobile Wallet services</li><li>To educate and promote other Merchantrade products to customers</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Sales Management<ul><li>Expand on new customer base through effective marketing activities.</li><li>Prospects locations with potential customers to engage with new customers.</li><li>To track customer registration and sales performance in line with targets as set by immediate superior</li><li>Compiling and submitting accurate and timely sales report</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Sales Execution &amp; Relationship Management<ul><li>To actively market and sell MTA&#8217;s products to all customers</li><li>To work with marketing department to ensure success of promotional programs. To provide feedback and recommend appropriate changes to the Marketing Team.</li><li>To build and maintain long-term and profitable relationships with customer and merchant by:<ul><li>Providing quality customer service</li><li>Obtaining customers&#8217; feedback on sales-related matters and inform superior, where appropriate</li><li>Resolving customers&#8217; problems and complaints on sales-related matters if any and escalate unresolved complaints to superior on an exception basis</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>OTHER REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>The Mobile Marketing Officer must adhere to the all Sales Process, Company&#8217;s Policies and Procedures, including Audit Compliance and BNM guidelines.</li><li>The individual is expected to be a team player and display high integrity with good values</li><li>NOTE: Job Descriptions are subject to change at the discretion of the Management</li></ul><div><strong>QUALIFICATION / EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE/OTHER REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>SPM &amp; above</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraging to apply</li><li>At least 1 year working experience in Sales and Marketing</li><li>Proficient in Bahasa Malaysia and other Asian Languages preferable</li><li>Comfortable to work with the foreign worker community</li><li>Possess transport &#8211; Motorbike or Car</li></ul><div><strong>TUJUAN KERJA</strong><br>Peranan utama Mobile Marketing Officer adalah membantu pendaftaran pelanggan di lokasi Pedagang Valyou. Mobile Marketing Officer juga diminta untuk mempromosikan produk Merchantrade seperti:<ul><li>Merchantrade Money Pre-paid Card</li><li>Merchantrade Insure</li><li>Hello Sim</li></ul><div><strong>TANGGUNGJAWAB</strong></div><ul><li>Pendaftaran Pelanggan dan Kesedaran Produk<ul><li>Untuk membantu pelanggan mendaftar ke Valyou Mobile Wallet</li><li>Bimbing pelanggan mengenai perkhidmatan Valyou Mobile Wallet</li><li>Untuk mendidik dan mempromosikan produk Merchantrade lain kepada pelanggan</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Pengurusan jualan<ul><li>Memperluas asas pelanggan baru melalui aktiviti pemasaran yang berkesan.</li><li>Prospek lokasi dengan bakal pelanggan untuk berinteraksi dengan pelanggan baru.</li><li>Untuk mengesan prestasi pendaftaran pelanggan dan penjualan sesuai dengan sasaran yang ditetapkan oleh pihak atasan</li><li>Menyusun dan menghantar laporan penjualan yang tepat dan tepat pada masanya</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Pelaksanaan Penjualan &amp; Pengurusan Perhubungan<ul><li>Memasarkan dan menjual produk MTA secara aktif kepada semua pelanggan</li><li>Bekerjasama dengan jabatan pemasaran untuk memastikan kejayaan program promosi. Untuk memberi maklum balas dan mengesyorkan perubahan yang sesuai kepada Pasukan Pemasaran.</li><li>Membangun dan mengekalkan hubungan jangka panjang dan menguntungkan dengan pelanggan dan peniaga dengan:</li><li>Memberi perkhidmatan pelanggan yang berkualiti</li><li>Mendapatkan maklum balas pelanggan mengenai perkara yang berkaitan dengan penjualan dan memberitahu pihak atasan, jika sesuai</li><li>Menyelesaikan masalah dan aduan pelanggan mengenai hal-hal yang berkaitan dengan penjualan jika ada dan meningkatkan aduan yang tidak dapat diselesaikan kepada pihak atasan dengan pengecualian</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>KEPERLUAN LAIN</strong></div><ul><li>Mobile Marketing Officer mesti mematuhi semua Proses Penjualan, Dasar dan Prosedur Syarikat, termasuk Pematuhan Audit dan panduan BNM.</li><li>Individu diharapkan menjadi pemain pasukan dan menunjukkan integriti yang tinggi dengan nilai-nilai yang baik</li><li>CATATAN: Penerangan Kerja boleh berubah mengikut budi bicara pihak Pengurusan</li></ul><div><strong>SYARAT KELAYAKAN / PENDIDIKAN / PENGALAMAN<br>Pendidikan</strong></div><ul><li>SPM &amp; ke atas</li><li>Lulusan baru sangat menggalakkan untuk memohon</li><li>Pengalaman kerja sekurang-kurangnya 1 tahun dalam Jualan dan Pemasaran</li><li>Mahir dalam Bahasa Malaysia dan Bahasa Asia yang lain lebih disukai</li><li>Selesa bekerja dengan komuniti pekerja asing</li><li>Memiliki pengangkutan &#8211; motosikal/kereta</li></ul></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			Merchantrade Asia is a licensed Malaysian money services business (MSB) operator (also known as payment service provider) and mobile telecommunications company, headquartered in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia. The company offers international money transfers, foreign currency exchange, wholesale currency trading service as part of its money services business and pre-paid mobile data and voice services. Notable shareholders in Merchantrade Asia are Celcom Axiata Bhd and Japan-based Sumitomo Corporation.</div>
<div>
			As we continue to expand regionally and globally by creating footprints of our presence in the digital and fintech space, we continue to seek for digital minded and innovative non-box thinkers to join our dynamic team and culture in growing Merchantrade.</div>
</div>
<div>
		&#8220;Nations are developing at a pace we never thought possible, creating opportunities across countries. When opportunity seekers are in a new country, the most reassuring feeling is to know that the ones closest to them are safe. Merchantrade began by giving people the opportunity to hear the voices of their loved ones. And today, with our shareholders Celcom Axiata and Sumitomo Corporation, we have expanded the business to include new and innovative ways for millions of people to stay in touch with their loved ones.&#8221;</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Sungai Petani, Kuala Lumpur, Kota Bharu, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mobile-marketing-officer-4438583?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4438583&sectionRank=1&token=0~3d9f6087-e7d7-4dfc-aeb9-64050daf1723&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 