---
title: "GP Asia Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies English Liaison - Full Time Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-05 
excerpt: "GP Asia Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the English Liaison - Full Time Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GP Asia Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>English Liaison - Full Time Work From Home (FROM 5280/mth)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>CANTONESE &#20013;&#25991; &#24191;&#19996;&#35805; ENGLISH LIAISON (WFH - work from home)</strong>&#160;<strong>JOB DESCRIPTION (summary)</strong>You will be a liaison for our clients in the service industry located in US.&#160;Your role as liaison means <strong>you must be able to understand Cantonese&#24191;&#19996;&#35805;, &#20013;&#25991; and English.</strong>You will receive one call at a time. In a call, two people are speaking different languages from each other.<strong>You will be trained to translate what one person is saying so that the other person hears you speaking in their language that they understand. And repeat. Until they finish speaking and end the call.</strong>&#160;This role involves complex and technical subjects in Healthcare, Government, Insurance, Finance, Utilities, Travel and Hospitality, 911 emergency services, Law Enforcement, Courts, and General Business.<strong> For immediate inquiry, send your inquiry or CV via Whatsapp +6012 202 7068 from Monday to Sunday 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.&#160;</strong>&#160;For further inquiries, interested candidates kindly message us on Facebook.&#160;<strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong><br><strong>Benefits:</strong><ul><li><strong>Salary range</strong> from<strong> RM5280 - RM14000</strong>.</li><li>Full suite of full time employment benefits</li><li><strong>EPF, SOCSO, EIS, Annual Leave, MC, Medical Coverage and Insurance</strong></li><li>Work from home (stay safe)</li><li><strong>Specialized work provisions&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>flexible salary scheme</strong></li><li>Paid annual leave</li><li>Paid sick leave</li><li>Hospitalization benefits</li><li><strong>Paid training period&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Fully paid holiday trip </strong>for top performers ( option for cash)</li><li><strong>Noticable career advancement:</strong></li><li><strong>Executive &gt; senior &gt; team leader &gt; centre manager/ recuitment consultant</strong></li><li>Access to fun and unique periodical company social gatherings</li><li>Commitment by company for <strong>punctual pay-roll</strong></li><li><strong>Performance based incentives</strong></li></ul>&#160;<strong>REQUIREMENTS (ONLY APPLY IF YOU QUALIFY MEET ALL REQUIREMENTS)</strong>&#8226; Proficient in both <strong>English and Cantonese</strong> (Speak, Read &amp; Write), as <strong>job scope involves translating cantonese to english in real-time</strong>&#8226; Computer with webcam&#8226; Must work from home&#8226; Internet connection with min upload speed of 1mb and download speed of 5mb&#8226; Based anywhere in Malaysia&#8226; Willing to work on rotating shift for 8 hours scheduled by client. <strong>(Night &amp; evening Shift)***</strong>&#8226; Willing to work on Public Holidays as operation is 24/7&#160;<strong>Note : Candidates with immediate availability or one (1) month notice are encourage to apply.</strong>&#160;<strong>Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/gp.asiasdnbhd.5</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>GP Asia Sdn&#160;Bhd</strong>&#160;(incorporated in 2009 in Malaysia)&#160;today focuses on providing&#160;<strong>Contact Centre (Center) Shared Services</strong>&#160;to organisations&#160;who value&#160;the importance of establishing&#160;constant channels of communication with&#160;their customers.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Perak, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/english-liaison-full-time-work-from-home-from-5280-mth-4455160?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455160&sectionRank=17&token=0~19c146e5-e524-475c-9b51-1f9715304660&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 