---
title: "BCI Asia Construction Information Sdn Bhd Vacancies Admin Operations Executive (3 vacancies)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-04 
excerpt: "BCI Asia Construction Information Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admin Operations Executive (3 vacancies) which based in Johor Bahru, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BCI Asia Construction Information Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admin Operations Executive (3 vacancies)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>3 vacancies available within Admin/Operations which includes the Subscriptions Department.</li><li>2 opening to join our group subscription team ( KL or JB office)</li><li>1 opening to join admin/operations team ( KL office)</li><li>The successful applicant must be able to work remotely and work within AUS/Newzealand &amp; Asia Time</li></ul><p><strong>The Company</strong></p><p><span>BCI Media Group is a leading provider of&#160;building and construction information with offices in South East Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. We service a large portfolio of Industry professionals, allowing them to maintain a competitive advantage and win new business through market information.</span></p><p><strong>The Candidate</strong></p><p><span>As </span><strong>Admin Operations Executive </strong><span>you will be responsible to support the day-to-day business operations including client subscriptions. You will be surrounded by an experienced open-minded and supportive team and subject to the department you will be attached to, your daily task will include but not limited to:-</span></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Work closely with other departments including admin, research, Sales &amp; Human Resource for any administration functions.</li><li>Fully understand the Internal System to process &amp; activate subscriptions.</li><li>Update order and payment to CRM system for New Sales, Account Management &amp; event, publication department.</li><li>Ensure client subscriptions activated and deliver client access in a timely manner.</li><li>Ensure compliance with Sales Guidelines &amp; Admin Guidelines.</li><li>Ensure order subscription details are complete and accurate.</li><li>Support BCI offices (Asia &amp; ANZ) in order processing and ensure it&#8217;s done in a timely manner without delays, in the event the local Admin is not available.</li><li>Assisting renewal Manager in the subscription renewal process.</li><li>Ad-hoc task as assigned from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum 2-3 years experience in administration &amp; sales supports roles.</li><li>Excellent time management, positive attitude, self-motivated, and highly focused.</li><li>Attention to details and must be able to communicate well in English( Oral &amp; Written)</li><li>Must be able to work remotely and able to work within AUS/Asia time.</li><li>Malaysia Citizen and preferably a candidate who can start with short notice.</li></ul><p><strong>What's in it for you?</strong></p><ul><li>A family-oriented, highly dynamic, and energetic team where people love their job and being challenged to perform at their best.</li><li>Medical Insurance coverage.</li><li>As low as 14 days annual leave</li><li>2 days paid leave for charity work</li><li>Birthday &amp; Work Anniversary Leave.</li><li>Performance Bonus</li><li>Medical Insurance &amp; Outpatient Medical Allowance.</li><li>5 days working week ( Monday to Friday)</li></ul><p>BCI Asia values personal integrity, social and environmental responsibility as well as transparency, quality, and efficiency. Suitable candidates will share these values.</p><p>(Only shortlisted candidates will be notified)</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>BCI Media Group is a leading provider of building and construction information with offices in South East Asia, Australia, New Zealand and US . We service a large portfolio of Industry professionals allowing them to maintain a competitive advantage and win new business through the use of market information provided.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admin-operations-executive-3-vacancies-4554988?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4554988&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 