---
title: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd Vacancies Digital Marketing Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Digital Marketing Manager which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Digital Marketing Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Descriptions</strong></p><ul><li>Plans and executes all web, database marketing, email, social media, and display advertising campaigns.</li><li>Designs, builds, and maintains our social media presence.</li><li>Measures and reports performance of all digital marketing campaigns and assesses against goals (ROI and KPIs).</li><li>Identifies trends and insights and optimizes spend and performance based on the insights.</li><li>Brainstorms new and creative growth strategies through digital marketing.</li><li>Plans, executes, and measures experiments and conversion tests.</li><li>Collaborates with internal teams to create landing pages and optimize user experience.</li><li>Utilizes strong analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points.</li><li>Identifies critical conversion points and drop off points and optimizes user funnels.</li><li>Collaborates with agencies and other vendor partners.</li><li>Evaluates emerging technologies.</li><li>Provides thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate</li><li>Creating and maintaining client relationships</li><li>Self-motivated yet customer-focused</li><li>Proficient in marketing research and statistical analysis</li><li>Highly creative with experience in identifying target audiences and devising digital campaigns that engage, inform, and motivate</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s or master&#8217;s degree in marketing or a related field</li><li>More than 5 years&#8217; experience in digital marketing, particularly within the industry</li><li>Demonstrable experience leading and managing marketing database, email, social media and/or display advertising campaigns</li><li>Solid knowledge of website and marketing analytics tools</li><li>Working knowledge of ad serving tools</li><li>Experience in setting up and optimizing PPC campaigns on all major search engines</li><li>Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript development and constraints</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd and its sister companies such as Lam Tak (Pte) Ltd&#160;are in food recycling and feed raw material manufacturing and trading.&#160;It owns 2 feed manufacturing factories and 1 insect farming site in Singapore and Johor.&#160;&#160;We also engage in international trading, covering Europe, USA, and Asian countries.&#160;&#160;Our suppliers and customers included world renowned companies such as Nestle, Prima Flour Mill, Arla Ingredients, Cargill, CP Group and etc.&#160;</p><p>Since 2014, the companies have been growing at average 40% growth rate.</p><p>Lam Tak Group of Company is a successful business and was nominated as finalist of the Emerging Enterprise Award 2020.</p><p>Website for the group of companies:&#160;www.lamtak.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/digital-marketing-manager-4511285?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511285&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 