---
title: "Alcon Johor (known as CIBA VISION Johor Sdn Bhd) Vacancies Business Analytics Lead" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "Alcon Johor (known as CIBA VISION Johor Sdn Bhd) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Analytics Lead which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Alcon Johor (known as CIBA VISION Johor Sdn Bhd) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Analytics Lead</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><div><div>Alcon Johor is looking for a Business Analytics Lead to play a key role defining, creating, and delivering powerful interactions data &amp; analytics for a substantial part of our business including providing support to the critical operations.</div><div>The successful candidate will be an innovative thinker who can both understand business analytics in manufacturing, be able to look a true capability and identify the right place to implement it. A great communicator that can work across diverse team inside and outside the business. The ability to think outside of the box and embrace change will be critical to the success of this role.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div>&#8226; Drive operational excellence across our business of contact lens manufacturing. This will include leveraging internal information resources through both quantitative and qualitative reporting using the knowledge of Designing Data Visualizations and Dashboards; MIS-Data Modelling and Data Warehouse Design/Implementation; Business Intelligence &amp; Data Analytics; and Analyzation of BI Technology Trends.</div>&#8226; Implement and oversees the analytical approaches and methodologies and assist in the interpretation of business results. Organize and drive successful completion of data insight initiatives (in-depth analysis and build statistical model) through effective management of analyst and data employees and effective collaboration with stakeholders.<div>&#8226; Coordinate with finance and operations personnel to gather data, determine metrics and benchmarks and validate effectuality of data.</div>&#8226; Identify opportunities or lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities. Present insights and recommendations to management for decision making and strategic planning.<div>&#8226; Drive the process of getting from problem statement to recommendation: break down problem and develop analysis framework; identify and procure relevant data; construct models as appropriate to analyze data and derive insights.</div>&#8226; Create executive-level presentations; present complex analytical findings in a clear, concise and decision-impacting manner.<div>&#8226; Develop and manage the creation and dissemination of reports and performance dashboards (BE dashboard).</div>&#8226; Work across with technical and operations leaders across our site to reduce business risk and assist the business to make right decision proactively by providing excellent overview and insight, enable business to be optimized and automated, leading to growth and development in the following areas:<br>1) Data-driven and automated decision making process.<br>2) Operations efficiency with right decisions faster.<br>3) Opportunities to fine tune financial acumen.</div><div><div><strong>Job Requirement</strong></div><div><strong>Education</strong><br>&#8226; Minimally a Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in a technical field preferably postgraduate qualification with focus in business analytics or related to Bachelor of Data Science field.<br>&#8226; Excellent analytical skills &#8211; Lean Six Sigma qualified will be added advantages.</div><div><strong>Experience</strong><br>&#8226; Gain 3 or more years of experience in the field of business analytics with performance tuning of Extract, Load &amp; Transform (ELT) and Business Intelligence (BI) content.<br>&#8226; Strong understanding of data modelling, algorithms, and data transformation techniques.<br>&#8226; Programming and database ability by using python, SQL, etc.<br>&#8226; Familiarity with statistical analysis software (e.g., Minitab, SPSS, SAS and or equivalent analytical software).Must have experience in Data Warehouse Data Modelling, Enterprise Application Data<br>&#8226; Ability to work across multiple teams to build consensus and drive decision making standardization.<br>&#8226; Expertise in BI tools like Tableau, Spotfire and etc.<br>&#8226; Ability stay current with current technologies and industry trends.<br>&#8226; Decisive and confident, open and candidate with the ability to energize others.<br>&#8226; Strong sense of urgency and personal commitment.<br>&#8226; Team player that values team excellence over individual productivity.<br>&#8226; Possesses excellent written, verbal and presentation skills.<br>&#8226; Strong communication, analytical and problem solving skills with a high attention to detail. Ability to navigate complicated database relationships and understand how data can best be leveraged to meet customer needs.<br>&#8226; Proficiency utilizing operations/computer simulation.<br>&#8226; Ability to work with many different disciplines across all levels of the organization<br>&#8226; Candidate with working experience in medical devices manufacturing plant will be an added advantage.</div><div>We regret to inform you that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Alcon Johor also known as CIBA Vision Johor Sdn. Bhd., located in Pelabuhan Tanjung Pelepas (PTP) Johor, was founded in 2005. The site is mandated to be the center of excellence for Double Sided Molding contact lens manufacturing platform for the entire Alcon globally.</div>
<div>
	Our passionate and talented associates focus solely on producing high quality sterile, world renowned, AIR OPTIX&#174; soft contact lenses, for correction of refractive errors and/or for use as bandage lenses for more than hundred countries worldwide.</div>
<div>
	In Alcon Johor, we aspire to lead the world in innovating life-changing vision products because when people see brilliantly, they live brilliantly.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-analytics-lead-4567059?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567059&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 