---
title: "HS Optimus Wood Products Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "HS Optimus Wood Products Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Officer which based in Kluang" 
tags: [Kluang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HS Optimus Wood Products Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are currently looking for dedicated and passionate HR Officer to join our team.&#160;</p><p><strong>So what is your role about?</strong></p><ul><li>Handle full spectrum of foreign workers recruitment process which includes foreign worker&#8217;s permit renewal, passport renewal and immigration related issues.</li><li>Prepare monthly recruitment tracking report accurately</li><li>To administer full visa process for foreign workers includes visa extension, special working permit and working visa.</li><li>To coordinate with third party agencies and monitor for the progress and status of visa application.</li><li>Manage and plan foreign workers accommodations as per repatriation &amp; arrival.</li><li>Manage and handling foreign worker issues, example hostel cleanliness, disciplinary, send worker to clinic/hospital, etc.</li><li>Review, update and maintain proper filing such as employees&#8217; personal file, ISO documentation, Training records, repairing &amp; maintenance records, etc.</li><li>Provide statistical reports for management reporting, statutory requirements and other requirements.</li><li>Provide admin operations support (safety, stationery, office expenses, staff welfare, repairing &amp; maintenance arrangement, etc).</li><li>Other HR and Admin functions as and when assigned from time to time</li></ul><p><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></p><ul><li>Possess Diploma or Degree in Human Resource Management or its equivalent.</li><li>3 - 5 years related experience in handling HR matters.</li><li>Knowledge in local legalization and requirements for recruiting foreign workers.</li><li>Good communication skills and able to interact with all level of people.</li><li>Computer literate with good working of Microsoft Office (Word,Excel)</li><li>Willing to travel outstation when it is necessary.&#160;</li><li>Strong sense of responsibility, discipline, commitment and negotiable skills.</li><li>Able to work under minimal supervision and/or tight deadline while multi-tasking.</li><li>Possesses high sense of privacy &amp; confidentiality especially when dealing with Private &amp; Confidential information.</li></ul><p><strong>What do we provide to you for you to succeed?</strong></p><ul><li>You will be remunerated with&#160;<strong>Good Basic Salary up to RM2,000&#160;</strong>based on experience</li><li>Your<strong>&#160;Medical Claim&#160;&#160;</strong>Are On Us.</li><li><strong>Outing time</strong>&#160;and&#160;<strong>Company Trip? Yeah! we have it here.</strong></li><li>Company is provided&#160;<strong>Company Car</strong>&#160;when travel for outstation is necessary.&#160;</li></ul><p>Are you ready to elevate your working skills and experience? Click the &#8216;<strong>Apply Now&#8217;</strong>&#160;and you are one step ahead to an outstanding career!</p><p><strong>Location:&#160;based in Simpang Renggam,Johor</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Incorporated in Singapore in 1995, HS Optimus Holdings Limited (formerly known as KLW Holdings Limited &#8220;KLW&#8221;) is an investment holding company engaged in door manufacturing as well as property investment and development. It was listed on the SESDAQ board (now known as Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange in 1998.&#160;HSO&#8217;s high-quality doors, manufactured at its two plants in Malaysia and China, are used in residential and commercial projects in Singapore and exported to distributors and DIY stores in countries like the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States.<br>
	HSO&#8217;s current property investment and development portfolio comprises projects in Australia and Indonesia.&#160;HS Optimus Wood Products Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as KLW Wood Products (M) Sdn Bhd) is one of the subsidiaries of HS Optimus Holdings Limited which located in Malaysia. Factory space around 243000 sq.ft. It located at Simpang Renggam, Johor.&#160;HSO is well known for producing high-value and quality door sets for well-known quality home improvement and DIY chain stores and distributors in Europe, USA and Asia. Our products can also be found across residential developments in Singapore such as The Wharf Residence, Waterfront Key, Sophia Residences, The Minton and more.<br>
	HSO is one of the largest medium- to high-end door manufacturers for the following reasons:&#8211; Wide spectrum of products&#8211; Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Chain of Custody Certification products carrying the FSC label are independently identified to assure customers that they come from forests that are managed to meet the social, economic and ecological needs of present and future generations.&#8211; Product quality and innovation.&#160;Join us now if you want a more challenging and having a fast track career progression.&#160;&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kluang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-officer-4599759?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4599759&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 