---
title: "Artworld Technology Sdn Bhd Vacancies Technical Support" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "Artworld Technology Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Technical Support which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Artworld Technology Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Technical Support</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities and Duties:</strong></p><ul><li>Provides profession advices to customer onsite regarding machine installation environment, computer hardware / software system and electricity specification requirement.</li><li>Setup installation of machine and conduct machine operation training in customer site.</li><li>Provides technical support to users by answering questions, troubleshooting problems, setting on machine and training.</li><li>Acquire technical knowledge on product application.</li><li>Research and identify solutions to software and hardware issues</li><li>Ask customers targeted questions to quickly understand the root of the problem</li><li>Talk clients through a series of actions, either via phone, email or chat, until they&#8217;ve solved a technical issue</li><li>Properly escalate unresolved issues to appropriate internal</li><li>Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers</li><li>Refer to internal database or external resources to provide accurate tech solutions</li><li>Ensure all issues are properly logged</li><li>Prioritize and manage several open issues at one time</li><li>Follow up with clients to ensure their machine are fully functional after troubleshooting</li><li>Prepare accurate and timely reports</li><li>Document technical knowledge in the form of notes and manuals</li><li>Maintain jovial relationships with clients</li></ul><p><strong>Job requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Graduated with diploma of mechanical/electronic or relevant professional certificates.&#160;</li><li>Own basic electronic troubleshooting experience be advantage.</li><li>Own basic designing software such as Adobe Illustrator/Corel Draw will be advantage.</li><li>Able to speak/written in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Able to work independently and good communication with others.&#160;</li><li>Be responsible and good in teamwork.</li><li>Processed own transport for customer services.</li><li>Willing to transport oversea and also domestic customer services.</li><li>Fresh graduates with strong vocation/hands on electrical knowledge are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Providing support for clients by learning about and satisfying their needs.</li><li>Building long-lasting, mutually beneficial relationships with external contacts and internal departments to create a better customer experience.</li><li>Handling complaints and negotiations.</li><li>Participate of all company sales events.</li><li>Provides profession advices to customer onsite regarding machine installation environment, computer hardware / software system and electricity specification requirement.</li><li>Setup installation of machine and conduct machine operation training in customer site.</li><li>Provides technical support to users by answering questions, troubleshooting problems, setting on machine and training.</li><li>Acquire technical knowledge on product application.</li><li>Complete any other duties that may be assigned from time to time by the management.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Artworld Technology Sdn Bhd is well established in 1999. We are the leading supplier of sign graphics, souvernier and&#160; textile production equipments, media and consumables in Malaysia and Brunei. Our headquoter located in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur and branch of East Malaysia in Kota Kinabalu &amp; Johor Bahru</div>
<div>We supply and provide technical service on equipments such as digital inkjet printer, UV inkjet printer, CNC router and laser cutting system. We do supplier consumables products as Digital Printing Material, Inks and spareparts.</div>
<div>We offer attractive commission, incentives and allowances for petrol, hostel,mobile phone and car maintenance. At the same time, we seeking for potential candidates who are responsibie, dynamic and committed to building a career. Fresh graduate candidates are encouraged to apply as we do provide job training, oversea training course to ablicaple staffs.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/technical-support-4535934?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4535934&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 