---
title: "MD PHARMA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Medical Sales Executive ( Johor Bahru )" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "MD PHARMA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Sales Executive ( Johor Bahru ) which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MD PHARMA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Sales Executive ( Johor Bahru )</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>Vacancies at:&#160;Johor Bahru&#160;</li><li>1-2 years of sales experience. Fresh graduates are encouraged.</li><li>Good communication skills and inter-personal skills.</li><li>Result-orientated with a high degree of self-motivation, positive mind, the ability to work independently with minimum supervision and able to work in a team environment.</li><li>Willing to travel&#160;</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><p>&#160;<strong>Job Description:</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>To plan, organize and execute product presentation to specialists, GPs and community pharmacists regarding the therapeutic use, features and benefits of the product.</li><li>To plan calls or visits through the proper identification of products to promote, which sales tools to use and the right schedule to execute the calls.</li><li>To observe, record and report competitor activities executed in the territory and identify appropriate counter strategy.</li><li>To constantly improve product knowledge, and selling skills in order to deliver appropriate information to physicians &amp; pharmacists effectively and professionally.</li><li>To attain or achive assigned sales target and market share goal.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MD Pharma Sdn Bhd, a fast rising star in the wellness and beauty care industry was recently awarded the Personal Care &amp; Healthcare Company of the Year 2019-2020 at the prestigious Malaysia Fashion, Modelling &amp; Pageant Awards (MFMPA) 2020.&#160;MD Pharma Sdn Bhd also won the 2020 Natural Health &amp; &#20581;&#24247;&#26102;&#23578; (Good Health) Readers&#8217; Choice Diamond Awards for Oilum Hydro-Rebalance Firming Cleanser (Best Moisturizing Cleanser) and Oilum Derma-Firm Lotion (Best Moisturizing Lotion)</p><p>MD PHARMA is an innovative and experience marketer of dermatological,&#160;beauty care and healthcare products in Malaysia. With our focus on service excellence and our customer-focused sales and marketing organization, we promote high-quality value-added healthcare products to enhance the beauty and quality of life of our customers.</p><p>Partnership is our core business model. We provide significant reach and share of voice to our partners brand equities. MD PHARMA represents&#160;international principals and help them to grow their market share respectively. Our principals manufacture a wide range of skin care, beauty care, healthcare, Health Supplement&#160;and pharmaceutical products that are available in hospitals, clinics, pharmacies and retail outlets across the country. We market brands such as <strong>JF Sulfur, OILUM, V-Mina, MASABALM, Vital DermaDr8, DUOFLORA Probiotics, UVeCARE Sunscreen, GlutaGlow,</strong> etc., which are popular among consumers because of the effectiveness, quality, natural ingredients used and the safety of their products.</p><p>We are a group of dynamic and fun-loving people, creating a positive, vibrant and energetic environment for professional and personal growth. We don&#8217;t give you a job. We offer you an opportunity to build a career.</p><p>Facebook Page: JF Sulfur Malaysia, Oilum Malaysia, V-Mina Feminine Hygiene Malaysia, UVecare Sunscreen, GlutaGlow</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-sales-executive-johor-bahru-4549880?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4549880&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 