---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Admin Executive (Fresh graduates are welcome)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admin Executive (Fresh graduates are welcome) which based in Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admin Executive (Fresh graduates are welcome)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Company Background:</strong><div><strong>We are representing our MNC client who are Asia's Global Real Estate Partner. They are looking for result driven ADMIN EXECUTIVE to join them</strong></div><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTIONS :</strong></div><div><strong>PROJECT ADMIN (VSQ PJ - 6 MInutes walk from LRT Asia Jaya)</strong></div><ul><li>Assist company in reaching goals and objectives related to project procurement, project sales, productivity, profitability and industry penetration</li><li>Build and manage long term relationships and partnerships with key target clients</li><li>Follow up on project leads identified</li><li>Be main point of contact between developers, company and agents</li><li>Plan project training programs accordingly</li><li>Conduct continuing project trainings to new and existing agents</li><li>Demonstrate and apply complete understanding of all aspects of property business</li><li>Identify profitable marketplace opportunities</li><li>Develop, prepare, coordinate and execute presentations and proposals to existing or new clients</li><li>Be a team player</li></ul><div><strong>BRANCH ADMIN (JOHOR BHARU)</strong></div><div><ul><li>Manage daily operation of the branch manager administration system in real estate field</li><li>Assist management and implementation of administrative and facilities functions.</li><li>Assist in sales activities administration</li><li>Devising and maintaining office systems, including data management and filing</li><li>Keep stock of office supplies and place orders when necessary</li><li>Manage phone calls and correspondence (e-mail, letters, packages etc.)</li><li>Assist in other relevant ad-hoc when necessary</li></ul></div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong>:</div><ul><li><strong>Candidates must possess at least SPM/Certificate/Diploma/Degree in any field.</strong></li><li><strong>Min 1-2 years of experience</strong></li><li><strong>Fresh graduates with no experience are encouraged to apply&#160;</strong></li><li>Ability to speak Bahasa Malaysia and English. Knowledge of Mandarin is an added advantages</li><li>Basic knowledge in Microsoft Office / Google Office products</li><li>Problem Solving</li><li>A positive attitude towards work-life balance, work smart and play hard</li><li>Computer literate, fast learner and independent</li><li>Energetic and self-motivated</li><li>Good interpersonal skills</li><li>Dependable and hardworking</li><li>A helpful team player, good at communication skills, able to organize daily workload by priorities, adaptable to the fast-paced working environment, Internet savvy</li></ul></div></div><div>Interested candidates may apply online or send their resumes to <strong>jesse@talentrecruit.com</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Talent Recruit (</strong><strong>&#8203;JTKSM978)</strong><strong>&#160;</strong>(previously known as MY Talent Recruit)<strong>&#160;</strong>is an executive search and staffing agency with the office located in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. We strive to support our clients to achieve continued success by delivering the best talent in the market. We also aspire to create significant impact in our communities that bring life changing experience by helping people in achieving their purpose and career goal. For further information, please visit <strong>www.talentrecruit.com.my.</strong></div>
<div>
<br>
	Our business model focuses on providing permanent placement services from non-executive level to senior management level across various industries and job specialization such as Corporate Strategy/ Top Management, Finance &amp; Accounting, Sales &amp; Marketing, Retail, Manufacturing, Customer Service, HR &amp; Admin, Banking and Engineering/IT.</div>
<div>
	For any enquiry about our services, please email to <strong>enquiry@talentrecruit.com.my.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admin-executive-fresh-graduates-are-welcome-4599581?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4599581&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 