---
title: "Kumpulan Powernet Berhad Vacancies Chief Operating Officer - KPOWER LOGISTICS SDN BHD" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-04 
excerpt: "Kumpulan Powernet Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Chief Operating Officer - KPOWER LOGISTICS SDN BHD which based in Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kumpulan Powernet Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Chief Operating Officer - KPOWER LOGISTICS SDN BHD</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><ul><li>Plans, directs, and oversees KPower Logistics Sdn Bhd's operational policies, rules, initiatives, and goals.&#160;</li><li>Helps organization to execute long-term and short-term plans and directives by implementing judgement, vision, management, and leadership.</li><li>Collaborate with the Directors in setting and driving organizational vision and operational strategy</li><li>Translate strategy into actionable goals for performance and growth helping to implement organization-wide goal setting, performance management, and annual operating planning</li><li>Oversee company operations and employee productivity, building a highly inclusive culture ensuring team members thrive and organizational outcomes are met</li><li>Ensure effective recruiting, onboarding, professional development, performance management, and retention</li><li>Adhere to company, state, and local business requirements, enforcing compliance and taking action when necessary</li></ul><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></p><ul><li>Works with the Director of KPower Logistics and leadership team to define Transportation strategy including customer and employee satisfaction at existing business locations, identifies business targets and business development opportunities including organic growth, new start up&#8217;s and potential acquisition targets.</li><li>Builds customer relationships at the executive, regional and local levels to support retention of existing business and helping to expand service offering with existing customers.</li><li>Exhibits commitment to the development of KPower Logistics employees, including active ownership of self-development. Empowers and challenges team members to reach their full potential. Recruits, develops, and retains a high performing team.</li><li>Collaborates with Sales team to increase activity within the region</li><li>Coordinates, actively participates, and creates sales presentations &amp; strategies targeted to both new sales and existing customer renewals</li><li>Manage budget and metrics for region to measure operational performance aligned with overall KPower Logistics objectives</li><li>Provide accountability for monthly results vs. budget and KPI&#8217;s</li><li>Compiles and prepares monthly financial and operational analysis</li><li>Creates operational plans to increase revenue and existing output at current locations. Strategically adjusts activities, policies and practices to meet or exceed key performance metrics and customer satisfaction goals.</li><li>Actively supports other business areas in the achievement of their goals</li><li>Identifying key productivity metrics and working with local management to help drive delivery of budget targets</li><li>Ensures start-ups, new initiatives, productivity tools and other programs are implemented as planned</li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Business Administration, Supply Chain Management, Operations Management or a closely related field required or equivalent combination of education and related experience. MBA is a plus.</li><li>15 years-experience in the transportation/transportation logistics field in progressive leadership positions including oversight and management of a P&amp;L</li><li>Previous dedicated and/or private fleet background preferred</li><li>Strong analytical skills and mathematical competency</li><li>Strong financial conceptual skills</li><li>Excellent computer applications background including MS Office applications, reporting, analysis and presentations software</li><li>Capability to influence a wide range of groups and individuals to actively support a point of view or position. Demonstrates ability to secure &#8216;buy-in&#8217; of others who may hold a contrary view.</li><li>Grows with determination, compassion, self-awareness, and courage. Exemplifies how to do the difficult, right thing every day. Demonstrates commitment, courageousness, respect, and self-awareness.</li><li>Ability to manage the pressures and stress associated with a deadline-oriented atmosphere and customer service issues. Demonstrates skill in making independent decisions in support of company policies and procedures in a timely manner.</li><li>Generates creative solutions to open up new opportunities or to resolve difficult business situations</li><li>Proactively develops customer relationships by making efforts to listen and to understand the customer; but is equally able to challenge and develop the customer&#8217;s perceptions by proposing new value-adding propositions.</li><li>Must be willing to travel (KL-PASIR GUDANG-KL), often without ample notice, perhaps up 40-60% of the time</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	KPower Berhad (formerly known as Kumpulan Powernet Berhad) (&#8220;KPower&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) mainly involved in sustainable energy and utilities activities. KPower&#8217;s sustainable energy and utilities business involves construction related activities and specialised engineering services that are spread over various projects across ASEAN region and Nepal. The construction related activities segment undertaken by the Company consists of engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning of sustainable energy and utilities projects.<br>
	Moving forward, the Company will be expanding its regional footprints into ASEAN, South Asia, Central Asia, Middle-East and Europe under the sustainable energy and utilities segment. The Company also plans to widen its renewable energy product offerings from mainly hydro power plant to include wind, solar and biomass. Leveraging on these strategies, the Company is confident to achieve its aspiration to emerge as a leading regional player in sustainable energy and utilities player.<br>
	KPower has also recently ventured into logistics to provide logistics solutions to complement and consolidate various activities within the network of major shareholders of KPower.<br>
	Incorporated on 3 February 1997, KPower first started as a manufacturer of warp-knitted fabrics and was listed on the Second Board of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (&#8220;Bursa Securities&#8221;) on 22 March 2002. KPower was subsequently transferred to the Main Market of Bursa Securities in 2009.<br>
	The manufacturing segments has since been repurposed into part of the bigger push by the company into the Healthcare and Technologies segment. The push into this segment was cemented with the 70% acquisition of Granulab (M) Sdn. Bhd. from SIRIM Tech Venture Sdn. Bhd.<br>
	The Company is also involved in property investment and property development segments.<br>
	&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/chief-operating-officer-kpower-logistics-sdn-bhd-4556361?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4556361&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 