---
title: "Synthomer Sdn Bhd Vacancies Project Manager, Engineering" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "Synthomer Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Manager, Engineering which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Synthomer Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Manager, Engineering</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Purpose of the Job:</strong></div><ul><li>Regional Based Project Engineering Lead responsible for executing plant turnaround and investment projects in line with the business needs.&#160;</li><li>Key deliverables will be safe execution of the project, ensuring the project design delivers the required quality at the lowest achievable cost and handed over for beneficial operation within the required timeframe.&#160;</li><li>End-user satisfaction is regarded as of utmost importance.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Main Accountabilities:</strong></div><div><strong>Project</strong></div><ul><li>Responsible for delivering full project lifecycle of assigned projects within the required time, cost, quality, and safety standards.</li><li>Carry out the necessary project governance to ensure successful delivery of the projects. Prepares detailed cost estimates, forecasts, schedules, and execution plans to deliver the assigned project(s)</li><li>Reviews the requested scope and challenges it to ensure the best possible outcomes results once the project is completed.</li><li>When scope is agreed with the relevant stakeholders, the assigned project team oversees the design &amp; implementation.</li><li>Directs project engineers to design new processes and modify existing designs as per project needs.</li><li>Follows regional engineering standardization related to projects and engineering processes.</li><li>Manage project risks and timely implement an appropriate mitigation plan</li><li>Estimates the resource demand required and, once agreed, effectively uses the resources to deliver the Capital plans.&#160;</li><li>Delver projects with full compliance to local legislation requirements and SYN SHE management system</li><li>Utilizes external resources where justified to ensure projects are executed efficiently within time and budget.&#160; Validates the uses of external resource requirements to ensure SYN is always getting the best value.</li><li>Plans the execution of projects in line with the Global Project Framework</li><li>Develops, Implements, and uses common engineering tools for cost-effective project execution, e.g., estimating, project documentation, resource planning, value-based engineering'</li><li>Where a site(s) is assigned, control and deliver its Capital Investment Plan.</li></ul><div><strong>Management</strong></div><ul><li>Use personal initiative and business directives to identify opportunities for cost reduction, schedule saving, implement engineering standardization and Best Practices</li><li>Ensures assigned project (s) meets the required company standards and statutory compliance.</li><li>Effectively Manage required resources levels of the multi-disciplinary team by ensuring internal and external resource is made available when needed.</li><li>Reports on project performance and progress to the Head of PMO, Local Executive, and Steering Committees</li></ul><div><strong>Expected Deliverable:</strong><ul><li>Deliver Project SHE KPI&#8217;s with zero legal non-compliance</li><li>Deliver project scope On time, In Full (OTIF), and within approved budget</li></ul></div><div><strong>Minimum Requirements:</strong><br><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Chemical/Mechanical/Electrical Engineering or equivalent with minimum 10 years experience in Engineering Project Management in Chemical/Petrochemical industy.</li><li>Project Management Professional (PMP) or equivalent professional certification in Project Management preferred.</li><li>Experience in leading turnaround planning activities, engagement with external and internal stakeholder and&#160; CapEx preparation activities</li><li>Requires high level of competence in LPG sphere terminal turnaround planning and execution with good leadership attributes.</li><li>Must be well conversant with local authority requirements.</li></ul></div></div><ul><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Pasir Gudang.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Engineering Project Management</li><li>2 Contract position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Synthomer is one of the world&#8217;s leading suppliers of Acrylic and Vinyl emulsions polymers, speciality polymers and Styrene-Butadiene and Acrylonitrile-Butadiene latex. We are the market leaders in many market segments including coatings, construction, technical textiles, paper and synthetic latex gloves.</div>
<div>
		Within this broad range of applications our aqueous polymers are used to deliver one or both of the following two main functions: they can be used as an impervious barrier, such as the manufacture of thin latex gloves. Or they bind materials and substances together. For example sticking glass strands together which are used in modern housing insulation materials or to provide the right properties to pressure sensitive adhesives that are used to make foil sleeves for tablets and smart phones and a wide range of adhesive tapes. For some products, like in specialist paints, our aqueous polymers ensure both of these functions are achieved, as they provide a barrier, bind the paint components, and stick the paint to the wall.</div>
<div>
		Synthomer are headquartered and stock listed in the UK and we have more than 38 operational sites in 24 countries of the world with a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. The Company generates revenue in excess of &#163;2.1 Billion and employs 4750 people worldwide.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-manager-engineering-4592069?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592069&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 