---
title: "Soft Rock Technologies Sdn Bhd Vacancies Software Engineer Intern" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-09 
excerpt: "Soft Rock Technologies Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Software Engineer Intern which based in Bayan Lepas, Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Johor, Kedah" 
tags: [Bayan Lepas, Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Johor, Kedah] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Soft Rock Technologies Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Software Engineer Intern</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Soft Rock Technologies is looking for talented and dedicated <strong>Software Engineer Interns / Industrial Trainees </strong>to join our growing team. If you have a passion for technology, are looking to grow your career, and would like to expand your skills and capabilities, join us!</div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>You will be part of a growing team of Software Engineers that are developing new applications and supporting actual applications related to factory automation and the growing trend of Industry 4.0. You will be exposed to the niche and challenging Automation Solutions industry.</div><div>You are required to:</div><ul><li>Design and develop software applications based on given requirements and specifications including testing &amp; commissioning, and debugging of software applications.</li><li>Collaborate as a project team member on software design matters, identify issues; provide appropriate guidance and advice to ensure delivery of quality outcomes.</li><li>Capture and evaluate customer and internal requirements.</li><li>Identify and tailor suitable concepts in terms of function, technology, and effort.</li><li>Adhere to Good SW Design &amp; Development Practice.</li><li>Develop and produce technical reports, process flow diagrams, design analysis and documentation in support of design and developments.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Interns working towards the following qualifications: Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, or Post Graduate Diploma in Engineering (Electronics, Electrical, Computer Engineering, and Mechatronics), or Computer Science/Information Technology or equivalent.</li><li>A plus if the candidate has experience with:</li></ul><div>o Design &amp; development of application using .C#/.Net</div><div>o Relational database (MSSQL and MySQL)</div><div>o Web Development (ASP.NET MVC, PHP, and JavaScript)</div><div>o SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)</div><ul><li>Proficiency in Object Oriented Programming and MVC concepts will have added advantage.</li><li>Able to work independently and efficiently to meet deadlines.</li><li>Customer-oriented and committed to working systematically under tight schedules.</li><li>Strong people and communication skills.</li><li>Possess own transport.</li><li>Travel to client's site may be required.</li></ul><div>All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence and only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Soft Rock Technologies Sdn Bhd (SRT) is a consulting and engineering company with headquarters in Penang, Malaysia.</div>
<div>The goal of the company is to provide consulting, development, engineering, execution, training, support, and project management for Automation/ IT hard and software projects, independently or integrated in a net of qualified local &amp; international partners.</div>
<div>With German roots and contacts, SRT is most able to transfer technology between Europe, Asia &amp; USA. It is within the company scope to close a bi-directional technological gap between partners in the 3 continents, and initialize and coach partnerships as well as joint ventures.</div>
<div>With its close contact to customers and partners, personal responsibility, and the longtime individual experiences and professionalism of its team, SRT is poised to ensure the best possible quality and efficiency for its services and projects.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Bayan Lepas, Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Johor, Kedah. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/software-engineer-intern-4479113?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4479113&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 