---
title: "Hapag-Lloyd Business Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Specialist Sales Execution (Based in Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-03 
excerpt: "Hapag-Lloyd Business Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Specialist Sales Execution (Based in Johor) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hapag-Lloyd Business Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Specialist Sales Execution (Based in Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Your Working Location:</strong></p><p>Johor, Taman Molek</p><p><strong>Main Objectives of this position:</strong></p><p>To support the initiatives in meeting or exceeding the volume / revenue / contribution budgets and targets as defined by the Region through data analysis and presentation, and consciously establishes a culture that encourages customer focus, individual development, efficiency, collaboration, and creates an environment for process improvements.</p><p><strong>Functions &amp; Duties:</strong></p><ul><li>Analyze and manage the regional and areas&#8217; sales performance, using the available tools / reports and derives / provides recommendations for improvement measures</li><li>Budget and forecast volume planning</li><li>Package preparation of areas and regional performance management calls.</li><li>Preparation of presentations for meetings and areas&#8216; performance review</li><li>Data preparation and analysis on all Regional Sales &#8216;initiatives and projects, management&#8217;s calls / meetings and performance monitoring.</li><li>Preparation of all internal reporting and customer letters.</li><li>Implement and update Regional tariff for changes in local charges, ensuring compliance to legal requirement.</li><li>Handling of filings relating to Shanghai Shipping Exchange and Federal Maritime Commission.</li><li>Named account handling and audit.</li><li>Review &amp; coordination of equipment imbalance situation and status in Asia</li><li>Point of entry for Qlikview system.</li><li>Distribution of Key Account Program scorecards.</li><li>Maintenance of contract template</li><li>Bunker monitoring on long term contracts.</li></ul><p><strong>In order to be successful in this position, the qualities that we seek from the individual are:</strong></p><ul><li>Good communications skills</li><li>Assertive personality with a target-oriented, analytical approach</li><li>Excellent interpersonal and problem-solving skills</li><li>Maintain a positive problem solving attitude while under pressure</li><li>Receptive and able to grasp new ideas and motivation for self-development</li><li>Ability to originate and develop ideas, size up problems, evaluate facts and take action</li></ul><p><strong>Job Qualification &amp; Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>University degree in Business Administration, Logistics Management or Equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 years of experience in the maritime/shipping industry.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>237 modern ships, 11.9 million TEU (Twenty-foot Equivalent Unit) transported per year, around 12,800 motivated employees in 399 offices in 128 countries. Hapag-Lloyd is a leading global liner shipping company and a powerful partner for you.</p><p>Hapag-Lloyd offers a fleet with a total capacity of 1.7 Million TEU, as well as a container stock of approximately 2.6 million TEU including one of the world&#8217;s largest and most modern reefer container fleets. A total of 118 liner services worldwide ensure fast and reliable connections between more than 600 ports on all the continents.</p><p>Hapag-Lloyd belongs to the leading ocean carriers for the trades Transatlantic, Middle East, Latin America and Intra-America.</p><p>Hapag-Lloyd has set industry-wide benchmarks for reliability, service, productivity and environmental protection. Other important topics for Hapag-Lloyd are compliance and sustainability.</p><p>In order to further strengthen our successful team in Malaysia we invite applications for the following position of <strong>Specialist Sales Execution.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/specialist-sales-execution-based-in-johor-4581607?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4581607&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 