---
title: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Executive / Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis [FP&A]" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-12 
excerpt: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Executive / Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis [FP&A] which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Executive / Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis [FP&A]</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:-</strong></div><div><strong>Compliance:</strong></div><ul><li>Ensuring that processing of financial transactions meets Group &amp; External standards and timescales.&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Job relationships :</strong></div><ul><li>Work closely with Shared Accounting Service and Site Management team to enforce effective financial and planning analysis process. He/she will work with the members in the Finance team based in Johor Baru and Singapore.</li></ul><div><strong>Financial Planning and Analysis Duties:</strong><ul><li>Provide product cost and pricing support for production</li><li>Determination of profitability by product by applying appropriate price and cost model</li><li>Identifying actual and assumed cost for products, input for calculation of material cost, tracking and recovery of NRE (Non Reccurring Expenditure) and rework activities</li><li>Leading groups in the completion of projects or initiatives to improve related processes</li><li>Provide recommendations based on interpretation of results.</li></ul><strong>Month End/ Quarterly/ Year End Processing:</strong><ul><li>Perform monthly and quarterly closing, accrual accounting</li><li>Process and Post all month end journals</li><li>Prepare management reports, analysis reports and supporting schedules for period end closing</li></ul><div><strong>&#8203;Stock Takes:</strong></div><ul><li>Annual Physical Inventory count</li><li>Analysing Stock Adjustments and aged inventory analysis</li></ul><div><strong>Others:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Advisory on the Financial process to other operational department</li><li>Assist in problem solving and advice on business processes</li><li>IFRS 15 Corp reporting &#8211; Revenue recognition and Contract assessment</li><li>P&amp;L Simulations Modelling, Forecasting, Quote process involvement/assessment &amp; Supporting Annual Operating Plan</li><li>Provide adhoc reporting as required</li><li>Act cross-functionally and use financial and business acumen to challenge other areas</li><li>Keep fully aware of new developments in the financial/accountancy field</li><li>Stock adjustments, customer accounts maintenance , Variance analysis &amp; Customer P&amp;L Forecasting</li></ul></div><div>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS:-</strong></div><ul><li>Reporting to the the Site Controller</li><li>Minimum 5 years of FP&amp;A experience in an equivalent role with prior experience from an Audit firm</li><li>Accounting qualification(ACCA/CIMA/CPA)</li><li>English Proficiency</li><li>Proficiency in SAP financial system /working knowledge of installed software within an integrated ERP environment</li><li>Ability to bridge between actual, plan and forecast, analyzing mix impacts and summarizing in management reports</li><li>Ability to ceates basic spreadsheet macros</li><li>Microsoft Office components</li><li>Communication skill across all levels of the workforce</li><li>Highly Data Rational &#8211; accuracy and professional analysis</li><li>Strong communication, negotiation and presentation skills</li><li>Ability to consolidate, manipulate and analyze large quantities of data</li><li>Ability to evaluate, prioritize and problem solve a variety of tasks to ensure their timely and accurate completion</li></ul><div>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br><div>Interested candidates, please furnish us with your most updated resume either in MS Words or PDF Format preferably with the following information by clicking &#8220;<strong>APPLY NOW</strong>&#8221;</div><ul><li>Current / last drawn and expected remuneration package<br>&#160;</li><li>Reasons for leaving for your last 3 employments</li></ul><div>----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</div><div><div>Celestica is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on any protected status (including race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age,<br>marital status, veteran or disability status or other characteristics protected by law).</div><div>At Celestica we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. Special arrangements can be made for candidates who need it throughout the hiring process. Please indicate your needs and we will work with you to meet them.</div><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW:</strong><br>Celestica (NYSE, TSX: CLS) enables the world&#8217;s best brands. Through our recognized customer-centric approach, we partner with leading companies in Aerospace and Defense, Communications, Enterprise, HealthTech, Industrial, Capital Equipment and Energy to deliver solutions for their most complex challenges. As a leader in design, manufacturing, hardware platform and supply chain solutions, Celestica brings global expertise and insight at every stage of product development &#8211; from drawing board to full-scale production and after-market services for products from advanced medical devices, to highly engineered aviation systems, to next-generation hardware platform solutions for the Cloud.<div>Headquartered in Toronto, with talented teams spanning 40+ locations in 13 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia, we imagine, develop and deliver a better future with our customers.</div><div>Celestica would like to thank all applicants, however, only qualified applicants will be contacted.</div><div>Celestica does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.</div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Celestica is dedicated to building solid partnerships and providing flexible solutions to enable our customers' success. We are adaptive and agile and help customers anticipate and prepare for unexpected changes.<br>
<br>
	Our talented global team is dedicated to delivering end-to-end product lifecycle solutions at the lowest total cost of ownership &#8211; enabling our customers to keep their commitments and stand out in their markets. Our expertise is in design and engineering, electronics manufacturing and supply chain management services. Our suite of solutions spans the entire product lifecycle &#8211; from design, through to delivery and after-market support.<br>
<br>
	By understanding the unique complexity of each customer&#8217;s business, we develop customized solutions that drive product innovation, cost savings, supply chain efficiencies and improved time-to-market.<br>
<br>
	We offer our customers an extremely efficient global network including 10 strategically located specialized centers of excellence focused on meeting our customers&#8217; needs. This strategic network provides our customers with the flexibility they need to respond quickly to changes in end-market demand. Our customer portfolio spans the enterprise, communications, consumer, aerospace and defense, industrial, alternative energy and healthcare end-markets
	
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-executive-manager-financial-planning-analysis-[fp-a]-4534069?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4534069&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 