---
title: "Mybrushgroup of companies Vacancies Production Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-17 
excerpt: "Mybrushgroup of companies is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mybrushgroup of companies is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>The Production Executive assist the Production Manager in production operations, ensuring production deliveries are achieved, policies and procedures are followed, lead continuous processes improvement, maximize operational control, safety, quality and productivity.</span></p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>Responsible for production activities to meet production targets.</span></li><li><span>Conduct continuous improvement of production yield, scrap rate and throughput time.</span></li><li><span>Control daily output, activities and issue daily production report.</span></li><li><span>Enforce discipline, safety and good housekeeping practice</span></li><li><span>Ensure machinery, equipment and tools are in good condition.</span></li><li><span>Conduct product/process analysis in conjunction with related departments.</span></li><li><span>Diagnose problems and formulate solutions to reduce downtime and cost</span></li><li><span>Ensure compliance with standard operating procedures</span></li><li><span>Prepare process standards and monitor production progress</span></li><li><span>Prepare production related reports and data retention</span></li><li><span>Maintenance of production quality and safety standards to minimize industrial accidents, scraps and reject rates.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelors of Engineering, Manufacturing or related field</li><li>3 years experience in the manufacturing industry</li><li>1 year of supervisory experience</li><li>Working knowledge in process improvement</li><li>Working knowledge with Quality Systems</li><li>Familiar with ISO9001 and ISO14001</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>MyBrush started out as a contract brush manufacturer more than two decades ago and from our modest beginning has today grown into a reputable manufacturer of a wide range of quality products.&#160;<br><br>Over the years, MyBrush has continuously refined and perfected the process and technical know-how of brush making to become one of the best manufacturers in the industry. This achievement could only be made possible tbrough our intensive research and development initiatives and employing the latest technology in our manufacturing process.&#160;<br><br>To guarantee the quality of our products stand up to highest standard, the company has also invested heavily into the newest equipment and machineries coupled with constant vigilant practice of international standards. It is for these fundamental management philosophies that made our products today are the preferred choice by some of the most renowned brands.&#160;<br><br>As our research and development matures along with the growth of our business, new capabilities are now opening up new potential business opportunities. So as our capabilities grows, the company is looking beyond traditional contract manufacturing business of brushes and venturing into strategic partnership with parties who desires to work with a reputable and reliable manufacturer which possesses both research and design capabilities.&#160;<br><br>MyBrush is now in a position to offer joint product development where we can provide a comprehensive platform of design, product development and manufacturing facility as a one stop solution in product commercialization.</strong></div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-executive-4535313?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4535313&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 