---
title: "DONGWHA ELECTROLYTE MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies QA OFFICER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-16 
excerpt: "DONGWHA ELECTROLYTE MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA OFFICER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DONGWHA ELECTROLYTE MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA OFFICER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>[General Scope of QA Officer]</strong></p><p>Responsible for ensuring products meets the established standards of quality including reliability, usability and performance based on customer requirements.</p><ol><li>To support for managing the Quality Management System (QMS) and quality planning to meet the regulatory and customer requirements.</li><li>To communicate with customers, suppliers/vendors and responsible for all matter relating to product, quality and customer's satisfaction and other related information.</li><li>Engage with customers on quality issues such as audits etc. including attending to periodic reviews.</li><li>Prepare periodical report for customers and external or internal all quality meeting and preparation of presentation materials.</li><li>Conduct quality training, cross training and certification of inspectors/ technician/ engineers.</li><li>Ensure failure analysis and evaluations are carried out satisfactorily to identify the root cause and to prepare the internal / external corrective action plan.</li><li>To participate in 1st party, 2nd party, 3rd party audit.</li><li>Responsible for the data management, Statistical Process Control (SPC) management, Defect investment &amp; improvement&#160;abnormal and nonconformity management (investment rootcause /countermeasure/ improvement effectiveness with report).</li><li>Responsible for the document control management, Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) Management, Analysis Machine Management, KPI Management and Training Management.</li><li>Preparing and reporting the various reports required (i.e. the daily, weekly, monthly and annual report, inspection report, finding and improvement report and etc).</li><li>Responsible for any add-hoc task assigned by Supervisor and Team Leader.</li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirement :</strong></p><ol><li>Candidate must possess at least STPM / Diploma / Degree in Chemistry field or in any equivalent field.&#160;</li><li>Required language(s): English.</li><li>Fluent in Korean and / or Mandarin would be an advantage for this position.&#160;</li><li>At least one (1) year of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably entry level in Quality Control/Assurance or equivalent. Fresh graduates are also encourage to apply.</li><li>Familiar with Quality Management System would be an advantage.</li><li>Familiar with all related Quality Standards Certification and calibration. (ISO 9001, ISO 14001, IATF16949 and etc.) will be an advantage.</li><li>Must have strong emotion, positive mind, multitasking person, self-motivated and high discipline.</li><li>Required Skill (s) : Strong computer literacy, Database Collection, Management and Analysis, Strong communication way &amp; reporting , teamwork management, problem analysis &amp; problem solving.</li><li>Able to work independently with minimum supervision.</li><li>Applicant must be willing to work in Senai, Johor&#160;and having own transportation.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Dongwha Electrolyte produces electrolytes that play a decisive role in moving lithium ions from lithium secondary batteries used in portable electronic devices such as mobile phones, notebooks, PDAs, and HEV/EV/PHEV. The electrolytes manufactured by our company are applied in various forms and uses such as prismatic, cylindrical, and polymer lithium secondary battery, lithium primary battery, capacitor, etc. We provide various high-performance and high-stability electrolytes to battery-related companies.</p><p>We are advancing toward becoming the world's best electrolyte manufacturer through various formulation applications and additive researches In order to manufacture high-performance, high-stability electrolytes.</p><p>We have been reborn as the world's leading electrolyte brand Dongwha Electrolyte StarLyte by receiving production and development technologies from Cheil Industries. We will move on to become a true global No. 1 company and repay the needs of our customers.</p><p><strong>Dongwha Vision</strong> <strong>" Creating Happiness, Respecting People, Building Partnership "</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-officer-4483024?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4483024&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 