---
title: "MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm Vacancies HR Personnel Manager/Senior Executive @Johor Bahru (Incentives + Profit Booster)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-22 
excerpt: "MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Personnel Manager/Senior Executive @Johor Bahru (Incentives + Profit Booster) which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Penang, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Penang, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MINDe Group - Recruitment Firm is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Personnel Manager/Senior Executive @Johor Bahru (Incentives + Profit Booster)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>11 years of establishment in Malaysia Recruitment Scene, Bold, Daring, and Innovation always be our main culture in the firm, we believe in striving for better tomorrow, always open for a new opportunity and best yet, we do not define by the market practice, we create our own career path. Due to Covid-19, we need a special key staff to focus on recruiting, training, reviewing performance and building a winning culture and environment</div><div><br><strong>Working Location: Austin V Square, Johor Bahru<br>Compensation: Basic Salary (RM3,000 to RM4,500) + Quarter Incentive + Yearly Profit Booster&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>We do provide additional perks:-</strong></div><ul><li>Special Incentives</li><li>Special Gift for top performer</li><li>16 holidays, 5 working days</li><li>Medical coverage</li><li>Trainings (in-house/courses) sponsors</li><li>Company Trip, birthday gift and meal.</li><li>Prime Office location with modern and comfortable work space</li></ul><div>We are looking for someone who have Human Resource background, with enough experience dealing with government office and also good at labor law, this hiring will be focusing on recruiting for our growing busineses, focusing on reviewing each recruits performance, work hand in hand with director on mentoring/training as well as be a taking care of office administrative.</div><div><div><strong>Duties:-&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Managing personnel concentrates on certain administrative human resource categories and also office administrative&#160;</li><li>It includes job analyses, strategic personnel planning, performance appraisals and benefit coordination.</li><li>It also involves recruitment, screening and new employee orientation and training.</li><li>It involves wages, dispute resolution and other record keeping duties.</li><li>Key holders to all staffs sales reports, productivity reports and conversion reports, work closely with directors to make operational effiency</li><li>Responsible for managing staff movements (e.g. Onboarding, promotion, resignation and etc)</li><li>Responsible for preparing the corporate budget related to personnel cost</li><li>Conduct industry surveys on employee;s benefits, terms and etc</li><li>Responsible in Monthly/Quarter/Yearly performance appraisal "KPI" and monitoring improvement&#160;</li><li>Managing employee grievances and displinary issues (issuing warning letter, absconded and etc)&#160;</li><li>Responsible for identifying and implementing process improvement for operational effiency of the department</li><li>Ensure compliance with applicable state and federal employment laws and occupational health and safety regulations.</li><li>PR and Assistance to Director (mainly on manpower sectors)&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>*You will be part of management team, all staffs performance will be directly impact your earning, career advancement and benefits gain in long term, a chance to participate not only on HR matters but in business prospective in longer term*</strong></div></div><div><strong>Requirement:-</strong></div><ul><li>Able to speak fluent Mandarin</li><li>Prefer someone who is background from Human Resource as you will be the matter of expert on HR</li><li>5 working days&#160;</li><li>Prefer someone with transport&#160;</li><li>Prefer someone able to travel within Malaysia (if only needed but not at Covid situation)&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Founded since 2007</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Officially registered since 2009</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Who are we?</strong><br>
		We are the mindful matchmakers. We match teams of professionals to help companies grow, while creating opportunities for candidates to find the right vocation. We build lasting robust relationships. In a world of constant change, we strive to seek the best candidate that fills not only a vacancy, but truly integrates with a team to bring it to greater heights. We are professional negotiators. We are the connectors. The negotiators who bring both company and candidate to an equal ground. We are talent builders for our clients, and career advisers for the candidates. We are people experts. We know the people we work with, and the industries we represent. We close positions for our clients by understanding the people they need. We build teams with insightful recruitment. To build a team, we delve into what makes the industry work, gathering in-depth insights to fill vacancies with the right talent. Our evangelists are team builders. As the chief, the alpha of the team, they have to make sure their group stays cohesive. They appreciate having the right people on board, as they know how important good personalities and excellent skills are to their team. Our purpose is to exist as an opportunity creator. We understand that not everyone has a dream job. Not everyone is suited to what they do. We identify talent. We bring them to the companies who need them. We enhance lives and create opportunities.<br>
		We help companies &amp; teams Grow Through Connections.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Penang, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-personnel-manager-senior-executive-@johor-bahru-incentives-profit-booster-4513558?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4513558&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 