---
title: "Multimax Development Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-24 
excerpt: "Multimax Development Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Officer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Multimax Development Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At PH World, we provide an inclusive and supportive work environment where we value the contributions and ideas of all our employees at all levels. We encourage innovative solutions and positive improvements to all areas of our operations. We believe in continuous learning and training to ensure that the work that we do is highly effective, relevant and valued in the modern fast-changing society. We seek capable and responsible candidates who wish to improve the way we do things and make a positive contribution to the organization and society to join us in any of our 5 business divisions.</p><p><strong>JOB OPENING</strong></p><p>ORGANIZATION &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;:&#160;<strong>MULTIMAX DEVELOPMENT SDN BHD</strong></p><p>POSITION&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;:&#160;<strong>HR OFFICER</strong></p><p>WORK LOCATION&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;:&#160;NO 19, JALAN AH SIANG, JOHOR BAHRU</p><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Liaise with Government departments and/or unions or representatives</li><li>Perform sourcing, recruitment, interview, selection and induction of new staff.</li><li>Assist to prepare letter of employment/ termination /disciplinary confirmation</li><li>Manage proper filing system</li><li>Check and verify staff attendance, overtime, annual leave, MC</li><li>Manage HR activity calendar</li><li>Assist to prepare payroll and compensation and benefit</li><li>Training and Development</li><li>Foreign worker recruitment, hostel and all related procedures</li><li>Worker's welfare and disciplinary matters</li><li>Prepare report for superior</li><li>Any other duties as assigned</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li>Diploma or Degree holder</li><li>3-4 years of experience in the same capacity</li><li>Good verbal and written communication skills in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Basic knowledge of Employment Act 1955</li><li>Uphold integrity, confidentiality, conscientious, and act with professionalism</li><li>Computer skills - Microsoft Office, Emails</li></ul><p><strong><em>Apply now and start your journey with us.</em></strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>PH World was founded by Mr Pang Hock in 1975 as a road construction company. Since then, PH World expanded its businesses to other industries and currently consists of 5 business divisions; Property, Mining, Palm Oil, Eco Innovation and Hospitality.</p><p>PH World Property is the Property division of PH World with its principal activity in property development. We are an award-winning property developer, which has developed multiple landed residential, commercial and industrial projects in Johor since 1993.</p><p>We have won multiple property development awards in recognition for our development excellence in development planning, design, quality and construction. The recent awards won are:</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Best Housing Architectural Design (Winner) &#8211; 2020 PropertyGuru Asia Property Awards Malaysia</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Best Mid End Landed Development (Southern) (Highly Commended) - 2020 PropertyGuru Asia Property Awards Malaysia</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-officer-4546254?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546254&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 