---
title: "JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS Vacancies Process Operator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Operator which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Operator</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are looking for an enthusiastic person to fully support the operational aspects of the Production department with particular attributes and emphasis on teamwork within a multi-skilled workforce, and delivering the shift key performance indicators. Typically the role would involve learning skills including Roasting, Drying and Extraction.</span></p><p>The Operator is the owner of equipment and results within an area\line who safely operates and does basic maintenance the line\area according to standards.</p><p><em>Safety Health and Environment:</em></p><ul><li>Delivers a Safety Health and Environment culture and role model behaviours by following safety procedures, using Personal Protective Equipment, and works calm and orderly.</li><li>Leads incident investigations and confronts unsafe conditions and behaviours immediately.</li><li>Cooperates with the team to keep the workplace safe, clean and well ordered.</li><li>Active participation in Safety discussion during Operations Performance meetings.</li><li>Operate forklift in a safe manner.</li></ul><p><em>Quality:</em></p><ul><li>Responsible for Quality requirements and legislation implementation and complies with legal and corporate standards &amp; policies.</li><li>Reports issues and adherence to quality systems and processes.</li></ul><p><em>Delivery &amp; Cost:</em></p><ul><li>Implements autonomous maintenance ensuring the area of ownership is within the basic condition.</li><li>Implements equipment Start-Up, Steady State Running &amp; Shut Down safely according to standards with all materials required.</li><li>Follows local production area standards and policies, reports issues and adherence to production systems and processes to ensure timely decision making &amp; escalation.</li></ul><p>Qualifications</p><ul><li>Diploma/Degree in Engineer, Food Science or equivalent.</li><li>Be able to work on own initiative and proactive with problem-solving as part of the team.</li><li>Have experience working in process plants (food processing, Petrochemical or heavy industry) will be an added advantage.</li><li>Communicate well at all level of the organisation</li><li>Able to work well within a team and manage multiple tasks at once</li><li>Experience of continuous improvement tools gained through work-based activities.</li><li>Be willing to learn new skills and undertake training to best suit the needs of the area.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>It&#8217;s amazing what can happen over a cup of coffee". At JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS (JDE), we&#8217;ve made it our mission to find out. Our people have been raising the bar since day one, thinking fast and acting even faster to make an impact that&#8217;s felt around the world. JDE is the home to some of the most well-known coffee brands in the world.</p><p>For more than 265 years, we have been inspired by the belief. Today our coffee &amp; tea portfolio is available in over 140 countries around the world through iconic household names including: Jacobs, Tassimo, Moccona, Senseo, L&#8217;OR, Douwe Egberts, Super, Kenco, Pilao &amp; Gevalia etc.</p><p>Life at JDE Malaysia</p><p>At JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS we are inspired by our belief that 'its amazing what can happen over a cup of coffee'. We are driven by the vision that Everyone deserves the coffee they love.</p><p>We are proud of our passionate, driven associates that challenge the status quo and pursue mastery in everything they do. Our goal is simple and ambitious - JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS: A coffee for every cup -</p><p>Our Malaysian organisation employs around 900 people with our local head office and coffee plant located in Permas Jaya, Johor.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-operator-4596854?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596854&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 