---
title: "Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies QA Manager - (oQUEdfwl-oQUEdfwl)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-30 
excerpt: "Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA Manager - (oQUEdfwl-oQUEdfwl) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Samtec Asia Pacific (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA Manager - (oQUEdfwl-oQUEdfwl)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job title:</strong>&#160; QA MANAGER<strong>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;</strong><strong>Summary/Objective </strong>The QA Manager's role will be to lead a group of Quality Assurance personnel in managing the Quality function of the plant. Strategically implements Corporate and plant Quality Assurance strategies with a view to promote and ensure highest level of product and service is delivered to customers. Able to provide a comprehensive support to the day-to-day operations of the Quality function and administration in our new facility.&#160; The scope of the responsibilities is closely dependent on your qualifications, educational attainment and working experiences. You are required to liaise closely with personnel of different departments throughout the organization in providing customer focused service to achieve the organization goals and objectives.<strong>Essential Functions/ Responsibilities.</strong><ul><li>Has technical and administrative responsibility for determining long range Quality Assurance strategies to achieve Total Customer Satisfaction.</li><br><li>Manages a group of QA personnel to evaluate, monitor and assist in improvement of manufacturing processes and procedures to ensure Quality is built into the product and services of the company.</li><br><li>Plays a major leadership role in managing customer &amp; external Quality system audits on the plants product, processes and manufacturing systems.</li><br><li>Orients, educates and trains fresh employees, acquaint them with their specific Quality responsibilities, ISO / IATF Standard and Company's DNA.</li><br><li>Has responsibility and manages the Quality Assurance functional areas in the organization QA Document Control &amp; Quality Management System (ex. ISO9001, IATF16949).</li><br><li>Controls QA Incoming and Supplier Management, In Process and Outgoing Inspection.</li><br><li>Implements effective Quality Assurance Program and policies in accordance with IATF requirements</li><br><li>Handles the creations &amp; revision of procedures to enhance the effectiveness of company Quality Management System.</li><br><li>Responsible for the control of monitoring Quality objectives performance of the company and monitoring on supplier performance.</li><br><li>Provides guidance to Engineer/Supervisor for all daily QA activities and other QA related issues.</li><br><li>Controls and monitors the measurement instruments and calibration for equipment used in company.</li><br><li>Any other job related duties as assigned by Superior or Management</li><br><li>Adheres to all Samtec Quality Principles and actions</li><br><li>To stop production of non-conforming products.</li></ul>'The responsibilities as defined are intended to serve as a general guideline for this position. Associates may be asked to perform additional tasks depending on strengths and capabilities.'&#160; <strong>Required Experience</strong><ul><li>7 years in related / similar position</li></ul><strong>Preferred Education:</strong><ul><li>Minimum Degree in Engineering Quality Management / related technical or equivalent experience.</li><br><li>Knowledge of IPC-620 is an added advantage</li></ul><strong>&#160;</strong><strong>Training required:</strong><ul><li>Samtec DNA</li><br><li>IATF16949 Awareness Training</li><br><li>ISO 14001 Awareness Training</li><br><li>IH On Job Training</li><br><li>Samtec Works</li><br><li>LMW Training</li><br><li>On the Job Training as appropriate.</li></ul><strong>Languages:</strong>&#160; English talking/writing/understand</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Samtec, Inc., is a worldwide manufacturer of P.C. Board level interconnects. Samtec was founded in 1976 and is privately held. Samtec, Inc. is ISO/TS 16949:2009, ISO 9001:2008, and ISO 14001:2004 registered with a 5-A1 Dun and Bradstreet rating, the highest available for a corporation this size.</div>
<div>
<div>
			Much more than just another connector company, Samtec puts people first with a commitment to exceptional service, quality products, and convenient tools. We believe that people matter, whether they are our external or internal customers. This belief is deeply ingrained throughout our organization and means we're all willing to go the extra step to build remarkable products and services that take the industry further faster.</div>
<div>
			Founded in 1976, we are a privately held, $613 million global manufacturer of a broad line of electronic interconnect solution blocks, including IC-to-Board/Ultra Micro, High Speed Board-to-Board, High Speed Cables, Future-Proof/Active Optics, Flexible Stacking, and Micro/Rugged components and cables. To meet the interconnect challenges of tomorrow and beyond, Samtec has developed unique Technology Centers to help optimize the entire signal transmission path&#8230; from the IC to the panel and beyond, and all points in between.</div>
</div>
<div>
		For more company information, please visit www.samtec.com.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-manager-oquedfwl-oquedfwl-4473018?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473018&sectionRank=14&token=0~2da19e63-dbf1-4b11-934c-6abcc2f8197a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 