---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Account Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-26 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Able to handle full set account of manufacturing operations (UBS Accounting System).</li><li>Handling account of AP and AR.</li><li>Prepare monthly payroll and file mandatory contributions.</li><li>SST processing.</li><li>Prepare monthly payments, suppliers' and employers' claims.</li><li>Prepare and process indirect taxes computation, submission, and payment.</li><li>Liaise with external parties such as suppliers, customers, auditors, and bankers whenever is necessary.</li><li>Responsible for the preparation of the financial reports.</li><li>Handling cash flow.</li><li>Responsible for other ad-hoc of the company.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Accountancy or equivalent.</li><li>Required language: Mandarin</li><li>At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): SQL Software, Microsoft Excel</li><li>Age limit 25-45 years old</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location:<strong> Johor Bahru</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>Leading metal cubicle board manufacturer</strong></li></ul><br><div><br>Working Days: <strong>5.5</strong></div><br>Attractive Benefits Include:<ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Annual Leaves</strong></li><li><strong>Panel Clinic</strong></li><li><strong>Annual incentive bonus based on performances.</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong> jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call<strong> Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-executive-4492653?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4492653&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 