---
title: "CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies QA/QC cum Safety Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA/QC cum Safety Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA/QC cum Safety Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>a) QA / QC support</strong></p><p>1) Plan and document inspection procedures on new and existing products as well as incoming and outgoing goods and materials related to power systems and generators.</p><p>2) Carry out inspection activities according to documented instructions and taking photo as a proof of inspection.</p><p>3) Record inspection results in designated forms including photos and save the file under the project name.</p><p>4) Review and verify non-conforming materials arising from incoming materials, in-process, completed and sub-contracted parts as per QC inspection checklist and report the non-conforming parts with photos to vendor or recipients immediately.</p><p>5) Enable communication between Management and Production with regards to QA / QC matters.</p><p>6) Suggest quality improvements to management, discuss and implement if the suggested method help to improve the quality and share with the production team.</p><p>7) Ensure that all levels of staff are familiar with the company Quality Policy, conducting briefings and updates to the team regarding the monthly collected non-conforming result during the inspection with pareto chart.</p><p>8) Update production notice board and post safety issues and non-conforming activities photos collected during inspection.</p><p>9) Initiate internal audit to assess the effectiveness of the Quality Management System.</p><p>10) Responsible for the overall operation of the ISO Quality Management System.</p><p>11)&#160;&#160;Responsible for corrective action activities as per ISO requirements, any CAR or NCR must be close in a timely manner.</p><p>12) Ensure that the quality system meets the ISO 9001 certification requirements.</p><p>13) Initiate and lead Management Review Committee to review results of internal and external audits conducted.</p><p>14) Initiate and lead non-conformity board to review non-conformity and decide on disposition.</p><p>15) Participate in Internal audits as well as management review meetings as and when required.</p><p>16) Other authorities and responsibilities as documented in relevant procedures and instructions.</p><p><strong>b) Safety support</strong></p><p>1) Responsible for monitoring and assessing hazardous and unsafe situations and developing measures to assure personnel safety.</p><p>2) Planning, implementing and overseeing company's employee safety at work.</p><p>3) To monitor the Safety and Health activities within the company and its requirement.</p><p>4) To ensure the implementation and practice of Safety &amp; Health policy in the company are adhere to and suggest for continuous improvement in this area.</p><p>5) Liaise with the local authority (DOSH) on OSHA and any Safety and Health Act and regulations, ensuring that company&#8217;s standards are in compliance and kept updated.</p><p>6) Conduct regular HSE briefing, induction, timely safety training to staff, emergency response drills, trainings for Emergency Response Team and ensure training records are maintained.</p><p>7) Ensure that overall safety, health and environment activities are carried out professionally, ethically and in a timely manner.</p><p>8) To manage schedule waste by collecting and recording waste materials in the production and reporting to DOE system every Friday.</p><p>9) Other assigned duties as required.</p><p><strong>b) Operation support</strong></p><p>1) Assist Production Manager in maintaining Production Schedule, filing of project file, project costing analysis &amp; production admin.</p><p>2) Follow up for customer PO, maintaining system Sales order and Project builder creation.</p><p>3) Carry out any other operation support task as assigned by Production Manager.</p><p><strong>Minimum requirements.</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Min Diploma in Mechanical / Electrical / Production Engineering.</p><p>&#183;&#160;At least 2-3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Working experience in metal fabrication or machine industry will be an added advantage.</p><p>&#183;Possess at least a NIOSH certificate and registered with JKKP.&#160;</p><p>&#183;Must with Certificate In schedule Waste Management (DOE) / Green Book Holder.</p><p>&#183;Must familiar with DOSH, DOE Act, rules, regulations and requirements.</p><p>&#183;Experience in JKKP inspection and schedule waste management.</p><p>&#183;Competent to handle for Safety, Environment and Hygiene.</p><p>&#183;Results orientated person.</p><p>&#183;Skills in MS Office and MRP/SAP</p><p>&#183;Able to work independently with minimum supervision.</p><p>&#183;Communication and interpersonal skills</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd, a subsidiary of Chong Lee Leong Seng Co. Ltd (CLLS), was incorporated in 2013.&#160;We are a diesel generator sets manufacturer with our plant located at Iskandar, Bandar Indahpura.&#160;CLLS is a progressive Marine and Industrial Engineering Group, our business involves sales and distribution of Marine and Industrial Products, including repair and servicing.&#160;</p><p>We have marketing subsidiaries and joint ventures in Singapore, China, Philippines, Malaysia and South Africa. Our businesses are carried out in the form of project contracts, dealership sales, distributorship and after-sales service.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-qc-cum-safety-executive-4587364?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4587364&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 