---
title: "Sherwin-Williams Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Master Data Analyst" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-17 
excerpt: "Sherwin-Williams Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Master Data Analyst which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sherwin-Williams Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Master Data Analyst</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To facilitate the tactical and strategic support of Item, Vendor, Employee and Customer data for the ERP systems while providing a shared service concept to all divisions and departments affected within the region.</p><ul><li>a.&#160;&#160;This position focuses on understanding, communication, setup and documentation of business processes as they relate to data management.</li><li>The job complexity requires a sound understanding of the design and usage of tools /applications utilized by the region. Some of the systems are/will be Oracle EBS Suite, Oracle PIM, Supplier Hub.</li><li>This position will be responsible in development of SQL queries and applications to enhance data quality.</li><li>This position will monitor IT Ticketing system for MDM request queue</li><li>This position will be responsible for the approval and auditing of the item, vendor and customer data and tables that are created, used and updated by the ERP systems.</li><li>This position will run reports, cleanse data, run validations, and process and approve item workflows.</li><li>Candidate will ensure data standards are being followed and validated. Candidate will assist in the maintenance of system and process documentation.</li><li>This position must maintain business relationships between Customer Service, Sales &amp; Marketing, Purchasing, Supply Chain (Product Planning, Re-buyers, Sourcing), Commercialization Services, Regulatory, Accounting, Sites (Plants/Warehouses), Financial Services, and Lab Personnel.</li></ul><p>Requirements;</p><ul><li>Possessed at least a Bachelor Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business IT or equivalent.</li><li>Fresh graduate whom demonstrate strong learning ability and the right attitude will also be considered.</li><li>SQL knowledge or other programming language will be an added advantage.</li><li>Advance skills in MS Excel (Excel Formulas, Pivot Tables and Graph).</li><li>Strong Computer Skills in Business Applications (Windows, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Emailing Software etc)</li><li>Excellent analytical, data mining and tactical problem solving abilities.</li><li>Possessed Oracle ERP experience is an advantage.</li><li>Being a US-owned company, candidate should be proficient in English (Reading, Writing, Spoken, and Listening). Knowledge in one or more regional languages such as Mandarin, Vietnamese or Thai is an advantage.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>The Sherwin-Williams Company is a global leader in the development, manufacture and sale of coatings and related products with&#160;more than&#160;33,000 employees and business in 117 countries. We market our products under such well-known brands as Sherwin-Williams&#174;, Dutch Boy&#174;, Krylon&#174;, Minwax&#174; and Thompson&#8217;s Waterseal&#174;. We go to market through a network of more than 4,000 company-operated paint stores and branches around the world, as well as leading mass merchandisers, home centers, independent paint dealers, hardware stores, automotive retailers, and industrial distributors.</div>
<div>Sherwin-Williams Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is a fully owned subsidiary of the company consisting of a shared services centre located at&#160;The Intermark, Kuala Lumpur. We have achieved MSC Malaysia status, and have long-term plans at this centre to provide quality services in Finance and Information Technology to internal company operating divisions in Asia and throughout the world. All employees in Kuala Lumpur are encouraged to embrace our company&#8217;s &#8220;Culture of Excellence&#8221; and its guiding values signified by these attributes: integrity, people, service, quality, performance, innovation and growth.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>Visit our website<strong> www.sherwin-williams.com&#160;</strong>to learn more about our 140-year history of success, diverse products and services and opportunities to build a career in technology, sales and management.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/master-data-analyst-4483835?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4483835&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 