---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Human Resources Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Officer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for a skilled HR Officer who will recruit, support, and develop talent through developing policies and managing procedures. You will be responsible for administrative tasks and you will contribute to making the company a better place to work.</p><p><strong>What does an HR Officer</strong> <strong>job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>Be actively involved in driver recruitment by preparing job descriptions, posting advertisements, and managing the hiring process.</li><li>Organising and managing new drivers&#8217; orientation, on-boarding, and training programs.</li><li>Processing payroll for Company&#8217;s drivers and ensure statutory deductions comply with the labour law.</li><li>Supporting the management of disciplinary and grievance issues of drivers.</li><li>Monitoring attendance of drivers to ensure high productivity.</li><li>Performing administrative tasks; Maintaining drivers&#8217; records according to policy and legal requirements.</li><li>Compiling the required daily/weekly/monthly reports.</li></ul><p><strong>Key skills and qualifications of an HR officer:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma in Human Resources Management or equivalent.</li><li>At least 2 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position and specialised in the logistics/transportation industry is an added advantage.</li><li>Basic knowledge in labour law, statutory requirement, and HR best practices.</li><li>Good communication skills, spoken and written in English and Bahasa Melayu.</li><li>Good active listening, interpersonal, negotiation, and presentation skills.</li><li>Adept with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc.).</li><li>Possess own transport (motorcar).</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-officer-4510814?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510814&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 