---
title: "Spring Professional (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Factory Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-14 
excerpt: "Spring Professional (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Factory Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Spring Professional (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Factory Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Our client is one of the trusted partners in the Textile Industry. Over the years, the textile plant has been consistent in achieving the world class quality and has managed to attain overall customer satisfaction across the globe.&#160;Our client is now seeking for a well-established individual to lead and run new strategies in the textile industry&#160;</div><div><strong>What to expect:</strong></div><ul><li>You will be leading the industrial plant's initiative to meet the increasing global demands on multiple textile portfolio while continuously implement new innovative solutions to ensure the plant stay relevant within the industry.</li><li>Overseeing the operations of manufacturing plants and warehouses including manufacturing and production systems, equipment, utilities and facilities maintenance management, staffing cost control and materials planning to meet best manufacturing practices.</li></ul><div><strong>The below is the minimum requirements for candidates to be considered for the opportunity:</strong></div><ul><li>Industrial Plant Leaders from Textile Industry is highly preferable</li><li>Master/Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Textile/Chemical/Process/Manufacturing&#160;or equivalent</li><li>At least 10 years of manufacturing experience - rotation in multiple discipline</li><li>At least 5 years of Managerial experience</li><li>Ability to drive the role forward assertively &amp; improve operations reliability</li><li>Possess strong leadership and management skills</li><li>Experience in GMP and strong analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Possess a board background in manufacturing with a wide range of knowledge on textile manufacturing and production processes.</li></ul><div>&#160;<br><strong>What's in the offer:</strong><br>You will have the opportunity working within an Established Organization; being part of an Employee Centric Business that provides a large degree of empowerment to their management team in encouraging creativity and developing new ideas. Our client offers the benefits of a work environment that is stimulating and challenging; where personal &amp; professional accomplishment are highly endorsed by the company.</div><div><br><strong>Application details</strong>:&#160;<br>For interested candidates, kindly please apply directly.</div><div>Due to large volume of applicants we receive for this job posting, please&#160;be informed&#160;that only shortlisted</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Spring Professional is an international firm specialising in information technology and engineering recruitment across the Asia region.We bring great people to great organisations, with our focus being exclusively on the recruitment of middle to senior level management and specialists.<br>&#160;</div><div>We develop trusted relationships with our partners, sharing market intelligence and recruitment advice to help you understand and respond to Asia&#8217;s ever-changing and fast paced labour markets.<br>&#160;</div><div>Whether you&#8217;re a company looking for full-time or contract team members or an individual looking to make the next career move, the team at Spring will work with you to provide a seamless and high value service ensuring that your expectations are fully managed at all stages of the process.<br>&#160;</div><div>Spring Professional is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adecco, the world&#8217;s largest human resource solutions organisation, headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland<br>&#160;</div><div>With more than 20 years' experience, we globally place over 12,000 people annually into contract, temporary and full-time positions.<br>&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/factory-manager-4481598?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481598&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 