---
title: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for accounts receivables (AR)</li><li>Responsible for timely month end closing of accounts, analysis and reports</li><li>Ensure timely billing to clients and compliance with AR procedures by generating and raising invoices, debit and credit notes.</li><li>Attend to customers queries on invoices and resolve discrepancies on billing &amp; invoicing errors</li><li>Generating statement of accounts, perform monthly reconciliation and follow up payment</li><li>Bank in customer cheques and record incoming receipt from customer</li><li>Maintain system selling price and discounts</li><li>Performing review and monitoring of credit limits on existing customers</li><li>Work cross-functionally with other teams including Warehouse &amp; Logistic, Sales Team and Procurement.</li><li>Prepare reports to facilitate the reporting of sales tax and sugar tax</li><li>Involve in company warehouse sales, periodic stock take, fixed assets sighting or other activities as assigned</li><li>Update AR related SOPs from time to time</li><li>To assist Finance Manager on all annual audit and reporting requirements</li><li>Liaise with external and internal auditors in relation to any accounting matters</li><li>Assist in any ad-hoc projects or activities as assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Possess Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Accounting.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in manufacturing industry.</li><li>Preferred with operating knowledge of SAP/ERP system.</li><li>Effective communication skill.</li><li>Excellent proficiency in Microsoft Excel.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A members of FRASER AND NEAVE Group&#160;Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd is situated in Malaysia, established in June 1993. The company has invested more than 60 million dollars to set up a modernized factory in Johor, Malaysia, with the land area of 10 acres.&#160;</p><p>Our Company was awarded HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point) from SGS and MOH Malaysia, US-FDA (Food and Drug Administration) and &#8216;HALAL&#8217; Certificate certified by Islamic Development of Malaysia since year 2003 and Majelis Ulama Indonesia (MUI) since year 2013.&#160;Our production lines has total production capacity of 75000 cans per hour, consist of 4 aluminum can filling lines for 300ml, 250ml slim and 1 PP bottle line for 300ml. These production lines produced all kind of Asian drink e.g. soya bean drink, herbal tea, fruit juice with pulp, energy drink and coffee.&#160;We carry our house-brands such as &#8216;Day Day&#8217;, &#8216;Juice Secret&#8217; and&#160;&#8216;Unifresh&#8217; which incorporate different range of beverages form Asian soya bean drink, fruit juice, coffee, energy drink to tea drink.&#160;Beside independent production, we are also involved in business collaborations such as Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) and Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) with other companies on a variety of products. We are contract packing for countries such as Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, China, Middle East, United Kingdom, USA, Africa and etc.&#160;</p><p>We are proud to be&#160;a member of the Fraser and Neave Group.&#160;Please visit to https://www.fraserandneave.com/ for group information.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-executive-4497339?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4497339&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 