---
title: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd Vacancies Medical Physicist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Physicist which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Physicist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary</strong></div><div><div>A Medical Physicist responsibility is to perform Quality Assurance test on all radiation producing machines used in Radiotherapy Department, perform treatment planning for cancer patient of radiotherapy treatment and conduct radiation safety and protection program. S/He is responsible in training, provide guidance and supervise non-privilege Medical Physicist.</div><div>S/He works in a multidisciplinary team to ensure a high standard of clinical practice and professional conduct in all areas of patient care. S/He is to ensure the department meets or exceeds its objectives; and the mission, policies, objectives and core values of the Company are embraced and promoted in the workplace.</div></div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><div><div><strong>Leading the Quality Assurance Program in Radiotherapy and PET-CT</strong></div><ul><li>Performance specification, acceptance testing and commissioning of all new therapy equipment to ensure compliance with the manufacturer&#8217;s specification.</li><li>Acquires all dosimetric data and tables required for clinical dose calculation.</li><li>Performs calibration of radiation sources and dosimetric measurements.</li><li>Maintenance of all instrumentations required for calibration of radiation sources, measurement of radiation and calculation of doses.</li><li>Development and maintenance of quality assurance program for all therapy units, simulation procedures and computational equipment to assure that patients receive prescribed doses and dose distributions within acceptable degrees of accuracy.</li><li>Liaises with the contractual service provider and in-house biomedical engineer to keep up all the therapy units and dosimetric equipment in optimum conditions.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Perform Radiotherapy Treatment Planning</strong></div><ul><li>Provides professional input to Oncologist and Radiation Therapist on the physical and radiobiological aspects of patient&#8217;s treatments, and the development of techniques (hardware, software or procedural) to improve the delivery of radiation treatments.</li><li>Calculates dose distributions and machine settings for external beams and internal radioactive sources used in the patient&#8217;s treatments.</li><li>Designs and fabricates treatment aids for treatment enhancement.</li><li>Assures the accuracy of therapy unit parameters and settings used for patients&#8217; treatment, including correct transfer of parameters between the CT simulator, treatment plan and treatment unit, and periodically reviews chart of each patient.</li><li>Follow up patient&#8217;s treatment and implement statistical analysis for evaluation of treatment efficacy.</li><li>Supervision of source preparation and handling for radioiodine treatment.</li><li>Organ at Risk fall within the dose of tolerance according to international guidelines such as QUANTEC, RTOG and etc.</li></ul><div><strong>Management Radioactive Source (18F-FDG)</strong><ul><li>To receive and inspect the radioactive source upon arrival. To make sure it has no contamination or leakage using survey meter.</li><li>To measure the amount activity of the source received is correct.</li><li>To survey the room involved in radiopharmaceutical preparation, injection, scanning and procedure are free from any contamination.</li><li>Responsible for contamination clean up.</li></ul><div><strong>Conduct Radiation Safety Program</strong></div><ul><li>Conducts periodic monitoring on working environment to ensure it is safe from radiation hazard and to maintain a low level of radiation.</li><li>Participates in hospital Radiation Safety Committee to provide consultation on matters of radiation safety and protection for medical radioisotope facilities and all occupational radiation workers, including development and administration of the radiation safety program.</li><li>Monitoring of the staff&#8217;s Radiation medical check-up records and radiation dose record.</li><li>Investigation of radiation exposure for any accident or contamination of radioisotope materials.</li><li>Notification and reporting of all abnormal exposures to the relevant authority.</li><li>Supervise and monitoring the acceptance, use and storage of radiation material.</li><li>Ensure the storing of radioactive material according to the standard and safety regulation.</li><li>Manage radioactive waste according to Act 304 Atomic Energy Licensing Act 1984 and any other relevant Acts/ circulars and guidelines.</li><li>Responsible for overall security of radioactive material.</li><li>Monitoring radioactive materials packaging, labelling and transportation according to Radiation Protection (Transport) Regulations 1989.</li><li>Handling of spillage incident.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirement</strong></div></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Others in Health Science/ Medical Physics/ Medical Radiation or in other related field.</li><li>Required skill(s): analytical skill, it skill, research skill, Inquisitive Mind.</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Regency Specialist Hospital (Regency) is a licensed 218-bed private tertiary care hospital providing a comprehensive range of medical and surgical services. Regency is the sister hospital of Mahkota Medical Centre in Malacca, a leading tertiary care hospital in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
		At Regency, patients are at the centre of what we do. Our team of experienced doctors and healthcare professionals deliver quality healthcare with warmth and passion.</div>
<div>
		Located in the eastern part of Iskandar Malaysia, in the growing township of Seri Alam, Masai, Johor, Regency is poised to provide premier healthcare services to the local community and the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-physicist-4518729?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4518729&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 