---
title: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies PROGRAM MANAGEMENT MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-28 
excerpt: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PROGRAM MANAGEMENT MANAGER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PROGRAM MANAGEMENT MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The <strong>Program Management Manager</strong> is to be based in&#160;<strong>Senai, Johor</strong>.&#160;This role will lead the execution of the customer requirements, and through that deliver the projected value to Cape and its customers, using tools and initiatives of the company, to maintain business relationship and maximize customer satisfaction. PM is responsible to meet and deliver all commercial aspects of the account and with the support of a multifunctional Customer Focus Team (CFT) coordinate the delivery of products and services, aligned to the expectation of the client.</p><p><strong>Here is a glimpse of what you will do</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible to meet and deliver all commercial aspects of the account and with the support of a multifunctional Customer Focus Team (CFT) coordinate the delivery of products and services, aligned to the expectation of the client.</li><li>As the owner of the account in the site, the PM focus is on benefit realization, adherence to contract agreements and manage scope creep to maintain expected/quoted financial performance while minimize risks and maximize opportunities.</li><li>Coordinates the development and implementation of Global Account strategies and projects through the CFT.</li><li>Ensure compliance to contract and/or customer specific requirements/Statement of Work (SOW) and responsible to document additional agreements not included in the contract.</li><li>Develop and maintain business relationship; Maximize customer satisfaction. Manage the relationship with the customer through monthly or quarterly reviews, or as needed, to communicate deliveries, open commitments, or overall progress of the account.</li><li>Coordinates with the CFT the actions necessary for compliance with the targets agreed with the customer (quality, testing, materials, processes, etc.)</li><li>Coordinates the process of Viewpoint, where customer's and GAM satisfaction is reviewed; It includes the implementation of actions with the organization to improve.</li><li>Monitors, reports, and coordinates any troubleshooting of accounts receivables (AR).</li><li>Approves changes to standard costs and updates sales price at least every quarter. Claims raw materials revaluation to customer when applicable.</li><li>Coordinate communication and relationship with the segment group on account strategy and commercial aspects.</li><li>Coordinates with the CFT the introduction of new products through FPLC methodology and accountable to track project completion on time.</li></ul><p><strong>Here is some of what you will need</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor&#8217;s Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, in related discipline.</li><li>At least 5-year(s) of working experience of working experience and exposure in Program Management.</li><li>Candidates fluent in Mandarin preferred as role requires candidate to deal with mandarin speaking clients.</li><li>Understand the business and can forecast revenue and control costs ensuring compliance with the quote and contract agreements.&#160;</li><li>Ability to read, analyze and interpret technical operations, supply chain and financial reports. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers.</li><li>Ability to effectively present information to internal and external executive management.</li><li>Demonstrates expert functional, technical and people and/or process management skills.</li><li>Possess strong, effective communications skills.</li><li>Able to work independently and customer focused.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We Are One of the&#160;Malaysia Based Contract Manufacturer (CM) Specialize In The EMS SMT Manufacturing And Box Built&#160;Assembly Of Electronical Products In The Field Of&#160;Wireless Communication.&#160;</p><p>We were established in 2010</p><p>Group Established 1996</p><p>Paid Up Capital RM 20 Million</p><p>Factory Area 150,000 Sq Ft</p><p>Quality System ISO9001 &amp; 14001 ISO13485:2003</p><p>Total Staff Strength: 300</p><p>To support its business expansion, we invite dynamic, committed, self-motivated and qualified candidates to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/program-management-manager-4510874?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510874&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 