---
title: "TF VALUE-MART SDN. BHD. Vacancies STORE MANAGER (BRANCH)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "TF VALUE-MART SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the STORE MANAGER (BRANCH) which based in Pahang, Johor, Kedah, Selangor, Terengganu, Perak, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan" 
tags: [Pahang, Johor, Kedah, Selangor, Terengganu, Perak, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TF VALUE-MART SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>STORE MANAGER (BRANCH)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Completes store operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.</li><li>Maintains store staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.</li><li>Maintains store staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.</li><li>Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.</li><li>Identifies current and future customer requirements by establishing rapport with potential and actual customers and other persons in a position to understand service requirements.</li><li>Ensures availability of merchandise and services by approving contracts; maintaining inventories.</li><li>Formulates pricing policies by reviewing merchandising activities; determining additional needed sales promotion; authorizing clearance sales; studying trends.</li><li>Markets merchandise by studying advertising, sales promotion, and display plans; analyzing operating and financial statements for profitability ratios.</li><li>Secures merchandise by implementing security systems and measures.</li><li>Protects employees and customers by providing a safe and clean store environment.</li><li>Maintains the stability and reputation of the store by complying with legal requirements.</li><li>Determines marketing strategy changes by reviewing operating and financial statements and departmental sales records.</li><li>Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.</li><li>Maintains operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures.</li><li>Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIRED EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates must poses at least Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Diploma / Degree in any Field.</li><li>At least eight (8) years of working experience in retail industry field with same position is required for this position.</li><li>Required language(s): English and Bahasa Malaysia, ability to speak in other dialects such as Mandarin, Tamil, and local dialects is an added advantage.</li><li>Customer Focus, Tracking Budget Expenses, Pricing, Vendor Relationships, Market Knowledge, Staffing, Results Driven, Strategic Planning, Management Proficiency, Client Relationships, Verbal Communication</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Sales - Retail/General or equivalent.</li><li>Preferably Manager Store located Nation wide and priority potential candidate for Store Temerloh</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>TF Value-Mart Sdn Bhd is an established and truly Malaysian retail chain. The Company is the wholly owned retail arm of the TF Group and operates hypermarket-concept outlets with a comprehensive range of merchandize in a comfortable environment at low prices.</p><p>TF Value-Mart has a successful 50 year track record of providing the best value to consumers with the greatest convenience. Today, TF Value-Mart Sdn Bhd is a leading hypermarket operator in Pahang, Perak and Negeri Sembilan.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Pahang, Johor, Kedah, Selangor, Terengganu, Perak, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/store-manager-branch-4562183?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4562183&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 