---
title: "EMIX INDUSTRY (M) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Production Supervisor (Epoxy)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-10 
excerpt: "EMIX INDUSTRY (M) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor (Epoxy) which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>EMIX INDUSTRY (M) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor (Epoxy)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Responsible for planning, scheduling and coordinating production in order to ensure efficient operation.</li><li>Update master schedule, prepare production, packaging and sticker</li><li>To follow workflow (SOP) and documentation for ISO 9001 &amp; ISO 14001 requirements.</li><li>Work closely with production planner to meet deadline.</li><li>Work closely and coordinate with production planner, purchasing and laboratory team to ensure materials are sufficient for production.</li><li>To ensure all production tools and machines are in good working order (maintenance and repair). Familiar and able to operate:</li><li>Hydraulic high speed mixer</li><li>Hydraulic multi-shafts mixer</li><li>High speed dissolver</li><li>Three-Roll Mill</li></ul><p>Job Requirement</p><ul><li>Min technical certificate/diploma in engineering (electrical/mechanical) from a reputable institution or equivalent</li><li>At least 3-5 years of working experience in related field</li><li>Exposed to manufacturing working environment &amp; sounds able to operates/trouble shoots the production equipment/facilities.</li><li>Can work in rotation shift 12 hour/day</li><li>Prefer candidate that can join in immediately or short notice period.</li><li>Must have own transportation.</li><li>Can work at PTD 4560 Jalan Rumbia 2, Kawasan Perindustrian Tg. Langsat, 81700 Pasir Gudang, Johor</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>SAINT GOBAIN</p><p>A worldwide leader in the habitat and construction markets</p><p>No 1 worldwide - Plaster and plasterboard, Mortars and floor coatings, Ductile cast iron pipe</p><p>No 2 worldwide -&#160;Insulation (all types of insulation products) and Tile adhesives</p><p>No 1 in Europe - Wall facings</p><p>No 2 in the United States -Exterior Products</p><p>Saint-Gobain designs, manufactures and distributes materials and solutions which are key ingredients in the wellbeing of each of us and the future of all. They can be found everywhere in our living places and our daily life: in buildings, transportation, infrastructure and in many industrial applications. They provide comfort, performance and safety while addressing the challenges of sustainable construction, resource efficiency and climate changeSaint-Gobain, the world leader in the habitat and construction markets, designs, manufactures and distributes building materials, providing innovative solutions to meet growing demand in emerging economies, for energy efficiency and for environmental protection.</p><p>Saint-Gobain was established in 1665 in France. For over 300 years, Saint-Gobain has taken&#160;special care of all its employees. Pursuing this tradition, the Group makes a great effort to offer motivating career prospects to every member of its staff, combined with varied training programs designed to underpin Saint-Gobain's strategy.</p><p>In Malaysia we are growing our businesses in various fields including gypsum, mortars, flat &amp; automotive glass, abrasives, performance plastics and surface conditioning. Hence, we are looking for high potential individuals to fill up the following vacancies in various of these businesses.</p><p>We are proud to announce that we have been officially certified by the Top Employers Institute for our exceptional employee offerings.&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-epoxy-4532282?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4532282&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 