---
title: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Field Sales Executive (Southern & Northern Region)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-17 
excerpt: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Field Sales Executive (Southern & Northern Region) which based in Johor, Ipoh" 
tags: [Johor, Ipoh] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Field Sales Executive (Southern & Northern Region)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div>We are currently seeking a<strong> Field Sales Executive </strong>to join DHL eCommerce Solution based in <strong>Johor/Ipoh</strong> Malaysia!<br><br>The <strong>Field Sales Executive</strong> will be responsible for meeting sales revenue objectives at a sales territory or portfolio level via retention, development and acquisition activities, by servicing and retaining existing customers and targeting new business opportunities.<br><br><strong>Essential Duties and Responsibilities</strong><br><br>1. Customer Service Management:</div><ul><li>Develop and aggressively win new eCommerce and Business to Business customers within Malaysia</li><li>Manage a portfolio of customers and potential customers via personal sales visits, using face to face contact to provide a &#8216;personal service&#8217;</li><li>Lead and manage customers&#8217; presentations and proposals and conduct monthly performance reviews together with customers and internal stakeholders</li><li>Develop an Annual customer call cycle (Planned and Unplanned Maintenance) to secure committed orders with new and existing customers and gain any competitor held businesses to ensure that individual agreed targets are achieved. This call cycle is to be created annually, reviewed quarterly and updated on a monthly basis.</li><li>Build a strong client relationship to ensure that the account performs and grows to its maximum potential, reducing attrition rate and minimizing opportunities for competitors to gain business.</li><li>Conversion of qualified leads into customers (First Time Buyers) and develops and penetrates existing accounts (Retention and Development).</li><li>Prepare weekly updates on pipelines and target achievement and review of opportunities and business plan</li><li>Provide regular updates and resolution on business challenges and customer satisfaction</li><li>Work with other Business Units, Partners to generate potential leads, liaising with them to support project requiring domestic services</li><li>Work closely with internal stakeholders to ensure cross-functional collaboration, ensuring high quality of service is delivered</li><li>Act as the customers&#8217; main point of contact, by liaising closely with the relevant departments within DHL to ensure that their queries, problems or issues are dealt with appropriately.</li><li>Continually develop knowledge of DHL&#8217;s products/services and general commercial awareness in order to provide the best possible solutions to the customers.</li></ul><div><br>2. Stakeholder Management:</div><ul><li>Ensure co-operation with other members of the sales team and throughout the sales force.</li><li>Ensure all customer agreements follow the standard Pricing &amp; Commercial guidelines. Any deviations which require management&#8217;s agreement are taken in advance.</li><li>Develop a working relationship with the relevant support departments e.g. Operations, to ensure they are kept up to date with all issues relating to customers. All non-sales activities or diversionary activities should be handled by Sales Admin Support or Customer Support Executives.</li><li>Produce information for management necessary to evaluate performance vs. key performance indicators</li><li>Meet regularly with the Marketing and Sales management to evaluate the personal sales plan/strategy so as to ensure that the required revenue and shipment results can be achieved.</li></ul><div>3. Reporting and Documentation:</div><ul><li>Build a strong client relationship to ensure accounts perform and grow to their maximum potential, reducing attrition rate and minimizing opportunities for competitors to gain business.</li><li>Implement and execute sales activities to achieve target budgets and maximise growth within the existing customer base</li><li>Conduct Business reviews with customers and update them regularly on product updates and service performance.</li><li>Continually develop knowledge of products/services and general commercial awareness in order to provide the best possible solutions for customers.</li><li>Provide feedback and recommendation to further improve business operations</li><li>Analyse and monitor customer data to measure success and identify fluctuations/trends so as to decide on the relevant actions to be taken.</li><li>Adhere to country / regional / Global Pricing &amp; Commercial guidelines.</li><li>Formulate a personal sales plan that incorporates initiatives for identifying and gaining new business prospects and maximise growth within the existing customer base.</li><li>Always adhere to company defined compliance rules and guidelines</li></ul><br><strong>Desired Skills / Qualifications&#160;</strong><ul><li>Minimum 3 years sales experience</li><li>Good understanding of the eCommerce industry in Malaysia</li><li>Good communication and Presentation skills</li><li>Display team working skills</li><li>Passion for Customer Service</li><li>Set priorities and manages time effectively to meet deadlines</li><li>Anticipates obstacles and develops contingency plans</li><li>Keeps track on competed and on-going activities involving customers in portfolio</li><li>Is self-motivating / self-starting</li><li>Stays regularly in touch with key customers to gain real understanding of their concerns and business needs</li><li>Considers effect on customers of internal developments and business trends</li><li>Adapts quickly to changing situations and changes own behaviour to suit the situation</li><li>Interacts effectively with people from different backgrounds</li><li>eCommerce &amp; Logistics background is added advantage</li></ul></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	DHL is present in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, making it the most international company in the world. With a workforce exceeding 380,000 employees, we provide solutions for an almost infinite number of logistics needs.&#160;<br>
<br>
	DHL is part of the world&#8217;s leading postal and logistics company Deutsche Post DHL Group, and encompasses the business units DHL Express, DHL Post &amp; Parcel, DHL eCommerce Solutions, DHL Global Forwarding, Freight and DHL Supply Chain.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Ipoh. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/field-sales-executive-southern-northern-region-4483920?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4483920&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 