---
title: "ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD Vacancies Executive, Account Payable" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Account Payable which based in Segamat" 
tags: [Segamat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Account Payable</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Guide and supervise Account Non-Trade Payable Team.</li><li>Ensure subordinate complete their task on time and all payment is completed before the deadline.</li><li>Highlight the problem notice and provide suggestions to related department for improvements.</li><li>Check and approve the payment done by subordinate before submitting for payment authorisation.</li><li>Check and guide subordinate to perform Supplier Statement Reconciliation and follow up the invoice or documents.</li><li>Approve ledger entries after auditing the transaction posting.</li><li>Ensure purchase and renew of insurance with comparison of premium cost, including property, vehicle, equipment, inventory, employee, customer, etc.</li><li>Support annual audit by providing the list and information as per request.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Finance and Accounting or equivalent.</li><li>3 years experience in account payable.</li><li>Knowledge of accounting standards &amp; taxation.</li><li>Willing to work at Jementah, Johor.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>ECO Shop is one of the leading retail chain stores in Malaysia,&#160;&#160;It was incorporated as Eco-Shop Marketing Sdn Bhd in Malaysia on June 01, 2003.&#160;The headquarter office and warehouse are located at Jementah, Johor. Currently, we have more than 160 outlets in all over Malaysia.</p><p>Our core business is importing, wholesaling and retailing Fast Moving Consumable Goods (FMCG) such as food products, beauty aids, stationeries, household products, hardwares, toys, seasonal items and home supplies plastic items. Every products just selling at RM 2.10 ONLY.</p><p>We strive to meet customers&#8217; needs through convenience and super value deal. We continuously evaluate our product varieties according to our customers&#8217; demands in order to provide convenience and good quality products to them.</p><p>We have invested fully computerized RMS and POS system in daily operation, from HQ warehouse logistic management, stock distribution to respective outlets daily sales activities. We committed to work more efficiently and to delivery excellent service and quality products to our valued customers.</p><p>We have more than 5,000 of employees working with us. We don&#8217;t just monitor the rapid growth of our business, but we also focus on growing our people too! On and off, our people have the opportunities to attend self-development trainings and workshop to build up their own values. We strongly believe the increasing of their self-worth is the best contributions to our business, from inside out.</p><p>Feel free to visit our company website at www.eco-shop.com.my for more information.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Segamat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-account-payable-4583233?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4583233&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 