---
title: "Chevron Malaysia Limited Vacancies Card Sales Representative" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-14 
excerpt: "Chevron Malaysia Limited is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Card Sales Representative which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chevron Malaysia Limited is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Card Sales Representative</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Chevron Malaysia Limited is accepting online applications for the position of <strong>Card Sales Representative</strong>&#160;located in <strong>Johor Bahru</strong>, <strong>Malaysia&#160;</strong>through&#160;<strong>June 28, 2021</strong>&#160;at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time).</p><p><strong>Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to:</strong></p><ul><li>Expands potential market for StarCard and acquires new fleet card accounts in order to increase retail fuels customer base through direct solicitation</li><li>Prepares credit applications and financial analysis for new customers</li><li>Visits fleet card customers regularly to maintain and build relationships with customers</li><li>Ensures services to customers are superior and complaints are attended to promptly</li><li>Develops &amp; executes business plan objectives</li><li>Monitors &amp; analyzes customer performance &amp; provides solutions to meet sales &amp; collection target</li><li>Responsible for receivable and billing reconciliation management and ensures timely collections</li><li>Works closely with Credit team to ensure that account credit performance and fiscal metrics are kept within targets</li><li>Explores customers&#8217; needs to provide the best product and fleet management services</li><li>Collaborates with other business units i.e. Customer Service Centre, Card Operation, Retail Operation &amp; Finance to ensure seamless service to customers</li><li>Performs and assumes other duties and responsibilities as and when may be assigned by Supervisor</li></ul><p><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor's Degree or Diploma holder preferably in Business Administration, Marketing or other related courses</li><li>Preferably with 3 years of experience in the sales field</li><li>Willing to do extensive field work within Malaysia</li><li>Must possess a valid driver's license and own transportation</li><li>Able to communicate fluently in Bahasa Malaysia and English</li></ul><p><span>To learn more and to submit application, visit </span><strong>https://careers.chevron.com/</strong><span> </span><strong>no later than 28 June 2021</strong><span>.</span></p><p><span>By submitting an application/uploading your resume or CV, you acknowledge and agree that you are providing personal information about you to Chevron, it subsidiaries and affiliates, to consider whether you are an appropriate candidate for a position and that such information may be shared with Chevron affiliates, subsidiaries, or vendors and may be transferred to locations outside the country of collection.</span></p><p><span>All information supplied will be treated as strictly confidential for the purpose of selection and recruitment. Only short-listed candidates will be notified, for candidates not selected, we would like to thank you in advance for your interest in a Chevron career.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Chevron </strong>is one of the world's leading energy companies, with approximately 60,000 employees working in countries around the world. We explore, produce and transport crude oil and natural gas; refine, market and distribute fuels and other energy products; manufacture and sell petrochemical products; generate power; and develop future energy resources, including biofuels and geothermal energy.</div>
<div>Chevron&#8217;s presence in Malaysia spans 75 years and includes a vast network of Caltex-branded service stations in Peninsular Malaysia. Chevron also plays an active role in supporting local Malaysian communities by focusing on HIV/AIDS awareness and promoting education and job training programs.</div>
<div>
<div><strong>Chevron Malaysia</strong> <strong>Limited</strong> wants you. If you have the talent, if you have the drive, if you have the ambition to achieve the highest standard of personal performance and accomplishment, our door is open. A career with Chevron puts you on the starting-block in a powerful race for immense opportunities and satisfying rewards.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/card-sales-representative-4589837?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4589837&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 