---
title: "SHAPEE TRADING & DISTRIBUTION (M) SDN BHD Vacancies Marketing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "SHAPEE TRADING & DISTRIBUTION (M) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SHAPEE TRADING & DISTRIBUTION (M) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>SHAPEE </strong><span>is a growing homegrown company and one of the&#160;leading brand in maternity and nursing products in Malaysia.</span></p><p><strong>Are you a branding expert?&#160;We want you.</strong></p><p><span>We are looking for a highly motivated&#160;</span><strong>Marketing Executive</strong><span> to join our team.</span></p><p><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong></p><ul><li><span>You will be remunerated with Good Basic Salary based on experience.</span></li><li><span>Working with stable &amp; well-established company.</span></li><li><span>Fun &amp; cozy workplace &amp; colleagues.</span></li><li><span>Career Advancement Opportunities</span></li><li><span>Staff purchase discount</span></li><li><span>Fair work life balance - 5 working days</span></li></ul><p><strong>What do you need to have to be successful in this role?</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least Diploma or Bachelor's Degree in relevant field.</span></li><li><span>Minimum </span><strong>2 years of experience</strong><span> in Marketing field.</span></li><li><span>Required language(s): </span><strong>English, Mandarin and Bahasa Melayu</strong></li><li><span>Candidate must be organized, disciplined, and possess strong time management skills.</span></li><li><strong>Candidates who are fluent in Mandarin is preferred as the role requires dealing with Mandarin speaking clients.</strong></li></ul><p><strong>What will your role be?</strong></p><ul><li>Develop and implement strategic, tactical creative plans to drive sales and ensure brand growth through various marketing and trade marketing plans, adding value to assigned brands.</li><li>Review marketing plan and activities with Sales team to evaluate effectiveness and execution of brand targets.</li><li>Ensure efficient management of A&amp;P budget / funds by monitoring sales against expenditure by sector on a monthly basis</li><li>Assist, support and organize fairs, promotions, events and road shows</li><li>Develop and improve visual merchandising or product display planograms from time to time.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><p><span>Are you ready to make that career shift? Trust us, this role is always on-demand and you will grow a great portfolio with us. This opportunity does not come often. Click that &#8216;</span><strong>Apply Now,&#8217;</strong><span>&#160;button and we will talk to you soon.</span><strong>&#160;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>SHAPEE is a growing homegrown company and one of the&#160;leading brand in maternity and nursing products in Malaysia.&#160;SHAPEE merges technology and fashion to provide exquisite fabric and versatile styling for the modern mummies. Clean lines, exceptional comfort and fit, uncompromised quality &#8211; this is what makes SHAPEE the ultimate brand today.&#160;Over the past few years, SHAPEE has won multiple awards by various media and banks, not only on the company but also on the products that offered. SHAPEE is the recipient for the following awards:&#160;&#160;</p><ul><li>SITEC Malaysia Top E-Commerce Merchant&#160;Awards - The&#160;Rising Star Award 2020</li><li>Media Prima Best Marketing Strategy Award 2019</li><li>Top 30 finalist for Ambank Bizrace 2019&#160;</li><li>Top 10 finalist for Dreamfactory Competition 2018&#160;</li><li>BabyTalk Award 2018 - Best Postpartum Belt&#160;&#160;</li><li>Baby Talk Award 2017 - Best Seamless Nursing Bra&#160;</li><li>Top 20 finalist for Alliance Bizsmart Challenge 2016</li><li>Watsons HWB Award 2015 - Most Wanted Women and Men Slimming Wear</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-executive-4591564?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4591564&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 