---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Accounts Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Accounts Officer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Accounts Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Accounts Officer</strong></p><p><strong>Johor - Senai</strong></p><p><strong>What does an Accounts Officer</strong> <strong>job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>To verify payment and proper supporting documentation with appropriate approvals, before posting to the system.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>To prepare and control disbursement account to reclassify expenses to appropriate account code.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>To perform payment processing either online or cheque in a timely and accurate manner.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>To handle day-to-day ad-hoc payment requests from the operation teams according to the IMS process.</li><li>To reconcile vendor statements, deals with vendors&#8217; queries, resolve differences (PO variance), and corrections of discrepancies in a prompt manner.</li><li>To prepare an accurate creditor aging report on time. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>To support the Finance Manager for adjusting cash flow requirements with available cash resources.</li></ul><p><strong>Key skills and qualifications of an Accounts Officer:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma in Accounting/Finance or equivalent.</li><li>At least 1 year of working experience in general ledger/ account payable and auditing is required for this position and specialization in the logistics/transportation industry is an added advantage.</li><li>Good communication skills, spoken and written in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Good time management.</li><li>Able to work independently and with multitasking ability.</li><li>Able to take work under pressure and possess good self-discipline.</li><li>Adept with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc.) &amp; accounting software.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/accounts-officer-4512268?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4512268&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 