---
title: "Flex Vacancies Test Engineer - (WD110008)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-12 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Test Engineer - (WD110008) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Test Engineer - (WD110008)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The&#160;<b>Test Engineer </b>will be based in <b><b>Senai, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for <span>implementing and maintaining cost-effective methods of testing and troubleshooting systems, software, and/or equipment.</span></p><p><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b></p><ul><li>Directs and/or coordinates electronic engineering and/or technical personnel in fabrication and design of testing and test control apparatus and equipment, or software and systems testing.</li><li>Directs and coordinates electronic engineering activities concerned with development, procurement, installation and calibration of instruments, equipment and control devices required to test, and record test data.</li><li>Interfaces and confers with scientific, engineering and technical personnel to resolve testing problems such as product or system malfunctions, incomplete test data, data interpretation or coding issues.</li><li>Analyzes and interprets test data and prepares technical reports for use by electronic or software engineering, and management personnel.</li><li>May develops or use computer software and hardware to conduct tests on electronic products and systems or software.</li><li>Trains and instructs floor support, test technicians and test operators on test hardware and/or software, as well as problem solving techniques.</li><li>Resolves test yield problems by performing analysis of root causes, developing and coordinating corrective action measures and monitoring improvements.</li><li>Perform and support equipment verification and integration in production.</li><li>Create and maintain process documentation.</li><li>Actively search for new technologies or procedures in the test sector.</li><li>Determines conditions under which tests are to be conducted and sequences and phases of test operations.</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b></p><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><li>Minimum 4-5 years of working experience in the related field is required</li><li>Skill (s): <b>Box Build Testing</b></li></ul><p>NS27</p><p>#LI-NI1</p><b>Job Category</b>Operations<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: dataprotection@flex.com</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/test-engineer-wd110008-4528727?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4528727&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 