---
title: "Flex Vacancies Production Supervisor - (WD111320)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-29 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor - (WD111320) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor - (WD111320)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Production Supervisor </b>will be based in <b><b>Senai, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for directing the manufacturing operations performed in a shift or group of production lines, ensuring they reach volume, quality and cost goals.</p><p><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><p><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b></p><ul><li><span>Leads the production of several processes/lines in a highly technical environment and responsible for the lines success.</span></li><li><span>Evaluates daily/regularly plant operating performance and advises on changes in operating conditions that will improve efficiencies and quality.</span></li><li><span>Lead a team of individual professionals (e.g. engineers/officers) to meet quality, cost, delivery and responsiveness requirements.</span></li><li><span>Troubleshoot and analyze operational problems and advise on their resolution. Guide regular discussions with operators to coach performance and improve operational understanding and capability.</span></li><li><span>Solicits and evaluates ideas for plant improvements and collaborates with qualified engineers to develop project proposals.</span></li><li><span>Provides technical and operational advice to project teams.</span></li><li><span>May act as principal interface between the operation team and the maintenance function.</span></li><li><span>Engage in training and coaching of junior operators.</span></li><li><span>Prioritizes production schedules based on product introduction, equipment efficiency, and materials supply in order to meet customer requirements.</span></li><li><span>Initiate and participate in process development and cost improvement projects.</span></li><li><span>Assist in department budget planning and management of department expenses.</span></li><li><span>Maintains safe and clean work environment by educating and directing individuals on the use of all control points, equipment, and resources; maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures.</span></li><li><span>Ensures compliance to manufacturing standards.</span></li></ul><p><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b></p><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><li>Minimum 4-5 years of working experience in the related field is required</li></ul><p>NS27</p><p>#LI-NI1</p><b>Job Category</b>Operations<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: dataprotection@flex.com</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-wd111320-4552745?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4552745&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 