---
title: "Shimmer Vacancies Firmware Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-20 
excerpt: "Shimmer is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Firmware Engineer which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Penang, Perak, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kelantan, Terengganu, Sabah" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Penang, Perak, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kelantan, Terengganu, Sabah] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Shimmer is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Firmware Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A talented Firmware Engineer is required to design Shimmer&#8217;s range of electronics products for the research, clinical and medical industries. The Firmware Engineer will design the firmware for use in new products and support the existing range of products.&#160;</p><p>The Firmware Engineer must have the ability to work independently and have a keen interest in new technologies, especially in the medical sector.</p><p>Primary Responsibilities</p><ul><li>Responsible for the design and development of Firmware for Shimmer Sensing products.</li><li>Responsible for ensuring that all assigned work packages are delivered to time, cost and specifications requirements.</li><li>Work closely with the Software and Hardware team to ensure all firmware simulates production designs accurately.</li><li>Work closely with the production team to ensure Shimmer products are manufactured efficiently and to a low cost.</li><li>Responsible for the day-to-day design of firmware, giving guidance, review and assistance to the manufacturing and testing of finished designs.</li><li>Provide labour and material cost estimates for work packages as requested by management.</li><li>Provide project completion dates and ensure, as far as possible, those deadlines are met.</li><li>Maintain the highest ethical standards, even when challenged from above.</li></ul><p>Qualifications, Education &amp; Previous Experience Requirements</p><ul><li>Degree or better in a relevant discipline.</li><li>Expert in the design and development of embedded firmware.</li><li>Expert in C programming for embedded systems.</li><li>Experienced in current wireless technologies such as BT, BLE, ANT, 802.15.4, 802.11.xxx, LoRAWAN, etc.</li><li>Experienced in design and developing for low-voltage and low-power mobile devices.</li><li>Knowledge of ARM and Texas Instruments MCUs.</li><li>Knowledge of wireless biophysical and kinematic sensor systems.</li><li>Knowledge of Python programming.</li><li>Knowledge of Github and JIRA.</li><li>Knowledge of IDEs, preferably Eclipse, Code Composer and Segger.</li><li>Knowledge of embedded standards including&#160;GPIOs, I2C, SPI, QSPI, memory devices and USB.</li><li>Knowledge of RTC, interrupts, ADCs, comparators, GPIOs and timers.</li><li>A good understanding of circuit schematics.</li><li>Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office &#8211; e.g. Word, Excel, Outlook, Visio, etc.</li><li>Good communication skills, both written and oral and able to communicate to all levels and functions throughout the organisation.</li><li>Able to work from home</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Shimmer is a leading provider of wearable wireless sensor products and solutions. As a pioneer in the industry Shimmer is committed to pushing the boundaries and driving the future development of wearable wireless sensing through our world-class engineering team.</p><p>Headquartered in Dublin, Ireland and with locations in Boston, USA, Barcelona, Spain and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Shimmer offers wearable wireless sensing technologies, solutions, and consultancy services to the Research and Education, Enterprise, and End User markets. Shipping to over 75 countries worldwide our technology and solutions are utilized by the brightest start-ups, Fortune 500 companies, and world&#8217;s leading Universities. Shimmer is a privately held company, and manufactures all of its products in its Dublin facility which is accredited to the quality management standard ISO 9001 and the medical device standard ISO 13485.</p><p>At Shimmer we believe wearable wireless sensing empowers people. Our mission is to provide new data, new solutions, new insight, and new meaning. Sensing is not just harnessing technology; it's harnessing the potential of human information, empowering people to address societal and business challenges that deliver a quantifiable and meaningful benefit.</p><p>We are committed to driving innovation in wearable wireless sensing through quality, integrity, reliability, and openness. These are the core values of our brand that guide our people as we develop close partnerships to realize solutions for our target markets that fit the application, the user, the individual, and make a real difference.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Penang, Perak, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kelantan, Terengganu, Sabah. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/firmware-engineer-4486602?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4486602&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 