---
title: "Kate Spade Vacancies Seasonal Sales Assistant, Kate Spade (Multiple Locations)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "Kate Spade is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Seasonal Sales Assistant, Kate Spade (Multiple Locations) which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Sabah, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Sabah, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kate Spade is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Seasonal Sales Assistant, Kate Spade (Multiple Locations)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Crisp color, graphic prints and playful sophistication are the hallmarks of kate spade new york. From handbags to clothing and d&#233;cor, our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it living colorfully.&#160;</div><div>A member of the Tapestry family, we are part of a global house of brands that has unwavering optimism and is committed to being innovative and wholly inclusive.</div></div><div><strong>Primary Purpose:</strong></div><div><br>This position will provide inventory management analysis and support Store Manager to manage and housekeep the stock room efficiently. The successful applicant may be required to support sales &amp; provide service to walk in customers.</div><div>We are currently hiring in multiple locations to support upcoming clearance season (May-July 2021). There are available positions in the following outlets:</div><ul><li>The Gardens Mall</li><li>One Utama</li><li>Pavilion</li><li>Sabah Imago KK</li><li>Penang Queensbay Mall</li><li>Penang Gurney Plaza</li></ul><div>Please indicate your preferred location in your job application</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>A. Inventory Management</div><ul><li>Perform inventory control by ensuring timely and accurate scanning in of all shipments and complete inventory process</li><li>Coordinate and partner with Logistics department to update store management on shipment status (in terms of shipments arrival, changes to schedule, contents and damages)</li><li>Perform daily tallying and restocking of merchandise</li><li>Responsible for merchandise movement, receiving and out-going of merchandise (store to store transfer). This also includes handling damage inventory with both logistics and merchandising department</li><li>Render swift support to the store team by securing merchandise quickly and accurately for selling</li></ul><div>B. Stock Room Efficiency &amp; Maintenance</div><ul><li>Housekeeping, store maintenance and organization of stock room</li><li>Organize and perform housekeeping of the stock room in accordance to Coach&#8217;s back of house standards to ensure ease of merchandise retrieval and adherence to safety standards</li><li>Optimize stock room capacity to maximize storage</li><li>Enforce maintenance &amp; housekeeping standards are adhered to at all times</li></ul><div>C. Stock Analysis</div><ul><li>Flag out best sellers or slow movers to Store Manager</li><li>Provide basic inventory analysis</li></ul><div>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div><div>Kate Spade is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we pride ourselves on hiring and developing the best people. All employment decisions (including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, discipline and termination) are based on the applicant&#8217;s or employee&#8217;s qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration. These decisions are made without regard to age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. Visit Kate Spade at www.katespade.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Crisp color, graphic prints and playful sophistication are the hallmarks of kate spade new york. From handbags to clothing and d&#233;cor, our exuberant approach to the everyday encourages personal style with a dash of incandescent charm. We call it living colorfully.<br>
<br>
A member of the Tapestry family, we are part of a global house of brands that has unwavering optimism and is committed to being innovative and wholly inclusive.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Sabah, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/seasonal-sales-assistant-kate-spade-multiple-locations-4540727?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4540727&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 