---
title: "TechnipFMC Vacancies HR Shared Services Associate" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-24 
excerpt: "TechnipFMC is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Shared Services Associate which based in Kuala Lumpur, Johor - Others" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TechnipFMC is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Shared Services Associate</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Company Summary&#160;</strong></p><p>TechnipFMC is a global oil and gas leader, specialized in subsea and surface technologies. Our mission: to enhance the performance of the world&#8217;s energy industry. How we do it: by constantly challenging conventions and investing in our 23000+ employees, across 48 countries. At TechnipFMC, we aim to offer an inspiring working experience: tackling some of the most complex technical and engineering challenges in the world in collaboration with a truly global team.</p><p><strong>Marketed Job title&#160;</strong></p><p>Are you our new <strong>HR Shared Services Associate</strong> in TechnipFMC, Kuala Lumpur and Tanjung Langsat, Johor, Malaysia?&#160;&#160;</p><p><strong>Introduction to the Job&#160;</strong></p><p>&#8220;At TechnipFMC, we deliver critical projects of a scale, scope, and difficulty that you simply won&#8217;t find anywhere else. We are looking for an <strong>experienced HR Shared Services Associate</strong> who can join our multicultural team in Kuala Lumpur and Tanjung Langsat, Johor, Malaysia.&#8221;</p><ul><li>Interface between local HR and Global Business service to enable the HR function to add value and operate more effectively.&#160;</li><li>Works in partnership with the HRBPs, CEOs, and Global Business&#160;Service</li></ul><p><strong>Main Accountabilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the full spectrum of transactional activities within the Human Resource function including but not limited to&#160;Recruitment, Benefits Administration,&#160;Reporting, and Industrial Relations.</li><li>Proactively maintain accurate and timely employee data by validating data across our different HRIS systems.&#160;</li><li>Provide support for a range of HR administrative processes supporting the employee lifecycle, including such areas as onboarding of new hires, preparation of documents, administration of benefits, employee engagement, recruitment, and vendor administration tasks</li><li>Contribute to the on-going development of the HR knowledge base to help employees quickly and easily find answers to their questions via self-service</li><li>Proactively identify areas of improvement in HR processes and documentation</li><li>Participate in ad hoc HR projects as and when&#160;required</li><li>Keep up to date with the latest HR laws and ensure compliance with a local regulatory requirement.</li></ul><p><strong>You are meant for this job if&#160;</strong></p><p><strong>Education</strong></p><ul><li>Degree holder in Human Resource, Business Management/Administration or equivalent</li></ul><p><strong>Experience</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum of 3 to 5 years of relevant experience handling the full spectrum of human resource activities, preferably a generalist&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Skills/Knowledge&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Knowledge of Labor law, HR management methods, and tools</li><li>Highly skilled in Microsoft Suite&#160;</li><li>Strong planning and organizational skills</li><li>Eye for detail</li></ul><p><strong>Personal Attributes</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent communications skills (listen, analyze and influence people)</li><li>Fluent in English</li><li>Ability to ensure data confidentiality&#160;</li><li>Work well under pressure and able to meet a tight deadline</li></ul><p><strong>ADDITIONAL INFORMATION</strong></p><ul><li>Need to be customer-focused, with excellent client management and business literacy skills.</li><li>Independent, task-driven and able to manage conflicting priorities&#160;</li><li>Eager to learn and continuously develop</li><li>Willing to take on contract employment</li></ul><p><strong>Examples from the Brand Book</strong></p><ul><li>Breakthrough Projects: Continuously raise standards, Innovative, Solution-oriented, Help us solve complex problems</li><li>Global Playground: Be open-minded, open to Travel, Speak professional English, Be adaptable and work in a multicultural environment</li><li>Live Inspiring Experiences: Be committed and proactive, Have a strong sense of collaboration, Able to make decisions, and learn from every situation</li></ul><p><strong>Your future at TechnipFMC</strong></p><ul><li>Potential career path, if possible</li><li>Global mobility opportunities if relevant</li><li>Training and development</li><li>Diverse and international team if relevant</li></ul><p><strong>Learn more about TechnipFMC</strong></p><p>Learn more about us and find other open positions at our Career Page.</p><p>Follow us on LinkedIn for company updates.</p><p><em>&#8220;As an equal opportunity employer TechnipFMC considers only qualified applicants without regard to color, age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender expression, disability, national origin, veteran or marital status.&#8221;</em></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	TechnipFMC is a global leader in subsea, onshore/offshore, and surface projects. With our proprietary technologies and production systems, integrated expertise, and comprehensive solutions, we are transforming our clients' project economics.</div>
<div>
	We are uniquely positioned to deliver greater efficiency across project lifecycles from concept to project delivery and beyond. Through innovative technologies and improved efficiencies, our offering unlocks new possibilities for our clients in developing their oil and gas resources.</div>
<div>
	Each of our employees is driven by a steady commitment to clients and a culture of purposeful innovation, challenging industry conventions, and rethinking how the best results are achieved.</div>
<div>
	To learn more about us and how we are enhancing the performance of the world's energy industry, go to TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kuala Lumpur, Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-shared-services-associate-4515553?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4515553&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 