---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) Vacancies Civil Engineer (Production / Project / Site)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-04 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Civil Engineer (Production / Project / Site) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd (JTKSM143B) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Civil Engineer (Production / Project / Site)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Civil Engineer (Production)</strong></div><ul><li>Responsible for the quality of production and technical activities in production planning and liaise with Singapore HQ team on schedule.</li><li>Monitor production planning and ensure that the inventory stocks are sufficient for production and delivery.</li><li>Ensure that all materials used in process and finished products meet the quality requirements defined for the job.</li><li>Conduct inspect and train supervisor so that they are able to perform the job as required and resolve issues or conflicts among production teams.</li><li>To manage subcontractors and liaise with clients and consultants, arrange for necessary inspection, complete the inspection checklist and ensure all works are carried as per drawings and specifications.</li><li>To lead and ensure all works standard are in compliance with the Company Quality Standard.</li><li>To ensure all client complains are handled effectively and corrective</li></ul><div><strong>Civil Engineer (Project)</strong></div><ul><li>Managing the engineering contract and progress payment.</li><li>Planning management</li><li>Keep management on ingredients on site and material wastage.</li><li>overall project planning, site progress monitoring</li><li>Prepare forthnightly progress report and master schedule</li><li>Incharge in structure and architecture drawings discrepancy and technical issue, prepare method statement, material submission, sample approval</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, Engineering (Civil), Engineering (Industrial), Engineering (Material Science), Engineering (Others), Quantity Survey or equivalent.</li><li>At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Engineering - Civil/Construction/Structural or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>We are a Boutique Recruitment Firm.</strong> <strong>Winners of HR Vendor of the Year 2018 #HRVOTHY2108 &amp;&#160;</strong><strong>Best Specialist Recruitment Agency 2020 (Gold Winner)&#160;</strong><strong>at #Asia Recruitment Awards 2020 &amp; 2019.&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Jobbuilder Sdn Bhd is a License Recruitment Agency (JTKSM143B)&#160;</strong>that plays an active role in providing recruitment services through rigorous efforts exercised by its dynamic workforce. Together with our associate companies, we provide a full range of HR services in terms of various recruitment services to fulfill our customer needed. We believe that the best HR solutions is done catering to the changing needs of customers from time to time. Therefore, we strive to be as innovative as possible when helping our customers to solve their problems. We started our business on the following specialisation:</div><div><ul><li>Specialised Executive Search</li><li>Contract Staffing Centre (RPO)</li><li>HR Shared Service (HRSS)</li><li>Payroll Process Outsourcing</li><li>Interview Event</li></ul></div><div>Do contact us for more details at www.jobbuilder.com.my or email us at <strong>marketing@jobbuilder.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Contact us: 07-2223334 / 011-55003334/ 011-55013334</strong><br>&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/civil-engineer-production-project-site-4454803?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454803&sectionRank=30&token=0~014f37b6-0e45-4290-983e-01224b8c1d80&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 