---
title: "Gnosis Laboratories Group Vacancies MEDICAL LABORATORY SCIENTIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-06 
excerpt: "Gnosis Laboratories Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MEDICAL LABORATORY SCIENTIST which based in Johor, Melaka, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Subang Jaya, Miri" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Subang Jaya, Miri] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Gnosis Laboratories Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MEDICAL LABORATORY SCIENTIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>We are seeking talented and experienced laboratory scientist to perform in our medical diagnostic laboratories.&#160;</p><ul><li>Execute and perform daily laboratory analysis, operation, maintenance, inventory and services.</li><li>Provide phlebotomy service for patient.&#160;</li><li>Responsible for the quality of laboratory results, performance and services in according to ISO standards.</li><li>Lab reports review and validation</li><li>Responsible for the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of the laboratory operation.</li><li>Assisting in handling clients complaints, noncompliance and troubleshooting.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum Diploma, preferably Bachelor Degree in Biomedical Sc, Medical Lab Technology, Medical Microbiology, Clinical Biochemistry, Medical Biotechnology or relevant discipline. Post-graduate degree in Human Genetic, Cell or Molecular Biology is also encourage to apply.</li><li>Minimum 2 years working experience, preferably in multi-discipline clinical labs.</li><li>Experience in medical, molecular diagnostic, genetic laboratory and/or in the business/marketing of relevant test products/services is encourage to apply.</li><li>Experience in medical microbiology laboratory work is encourage to apply,&#160;</li><li>Candidate with good experience and strong leadership skills can consider for supervisor/head of department position.</li><li>Experience in ISO 15189 / 17025 documentation and requirements is an advantage.&#160;</li><li>Strong analytical &amp; troubleshooting skills in various discipline of medical laboratory.</li><li>Attentive, independent, highly responsible and motivated person.&#160;</li><li>A team player with good organizing, communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Able to work in shifts and weekend.</li></ul><p><strong>Remuneration:</strong></p><p>According to qualifications and experience. We provide attractive remuneration package; inclusive of basic salary, SOCSO, EPF, allowances, personal accident and medical insurance plan, performance commission and annual profit sharing scheme. High performance and committed team members may expect an attractive remuneration packages and excellent career advancement paths.</p><p>If you are the talent that we are looking for and you think you can help us to get closer to our vision, we would like to meet with you. You need to act and e-mail us NOW. Tell us how your past achievements prepare you an exciting and promising career with us!</p><p>The Laboratory Director</p><p>Gnosis Laboratories (M) Sdn Bhd</p><p>Gnosis Biomedical Sdn Bhd</p><p>1-1, 1-2, Jalan USJ 21/11, 47630 Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Gnosis Laboratories founded it first laboratory in Kuala Lumpur from a joint venture of local &amp; Taiwan's medical laboratory professionals in year 2002, as a network of state-of-the-art medical laboratory services in this region. We provide comprehensive and advanced medical laboratory testing, including molecular diagnostic assays and genetic analysis. In 2019, we establish services for cell &amp; biologic research and services.</p><p>&#160;Our HQ is located in Subang Jaya. Currently we have branches in Penang, Kulim, Ipoh, Penang, Melaka, Johor Bahru, Kota Kinabalues, Kuching, Sibu, Bintulu and Miri. We are constantly seeking for talented, committed and dynamic man &amp; women to join us for our on-going expansion plan over the whole Malaysia &amp; SEA countries.&#160;</p><p><strong>Our Mission: </strong></p><p>Our mission is to provide comprehensive and advanced medical laboratory and diagnostic services and solutions with an unmatched level of reliability, service and support, to the healthcare providers and institutions.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Pahang, Perak, Sabah, Subang Jaya, Miri. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-laboratory-scientist-4558117?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4558117&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 