---
title: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies QA Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA Assistant Manager which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Responsibilities:-</strong></p><ul><li>Compliance with corporate quality policy specifically as regard product quality, QA and QC systems and procedures, sanitation, manufacturing plant quality.</li><li>To develop and implement new quality certification programs. Co-ordinate the establishment, implementation and maintenance of new quality standards across site. Maintain key quality certifications.</li><li>Adopt the laboratory analytical methods or test procedures as per industry recognized test methods. Keep abreast of latest developments in the analytical industry and making improvements in the quality systems time to time.</li><li>Aware of current food safety issue, new or amended food regulation to ensure the compliance with country food law and regulation.</li><li>To coordinate with R&amp;D department, to prepare, update and maintain customer product specification and make sure the emerging customer requirements are aligned across site.</li><li>Customer complaints coordination &amp; management &#8211; to ensure customer complaints, product recall and product withdrawal are handled aligned to the corporate guidelines.</li><li>To develop quality assurance program for incoming raw material, process control and outgoing goods. Ensure the quality conformance of incoming raw materials and finished products to specifications.</li><li>Review, support and continuously improve in manufacturing and laboratory practices. Ensure adequate monitoring and measuring programs exist to monitor the product quality, QA and QC systems, sanitation, manufacturing plant quality performance in the areas of responsibility.</li><li>To carry out supplier assessment to assure raw material consistency and all criteria of company raw material programs are met. Address major and continuous non-conformance to supplier and reflect the supplier performance in the relevant assessment program.</li><li>Managing the CAPEX requirements based on the manufacturing planning &amp; preparing the QC budgets accordingly. Operate laboratory expenses aligned to the budget given. Optimize operational and cost efficiency.</li><li>Planning related to the man power, instruments, and equipment&#8217;s based on the work load. Ensuring smooth functioning of the routine activities which meeting key deliverables on time.</li><li>To execute quality certification programs across the site. Ensure all the system requirements are in place effectively.</li><li>To plan and conduct internal monitoring audits, system review and validation. Coordinate with associate parties for plant and quality system audits. Identify, review and follow up audit findings.</li><li>To execute System Application Programming (SAP) in QA Department.</li><li>To ensure QA staffs are well communicated on the QA Department Key Result Areas (KRAs), the staffs&#8217; respective job descriptions and their Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). The departmental and team performance are reviewed in the quarterly communication meeting.</li><li>To ensure QA staffs understand and have the awareness on the company health and safety policy and objectives.</li><li>To ensure the continuous development of the QA team. To supervise all the staffs in QA Department and to coach / provide training to new staff.</li><li>To undertake any other related job as directed by Superior from time to time.</li><li>To ensure safety, 5S, and Good Manufacturing Practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:-</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Science or equivalent.</li><li>At least 6 years working experience with managerial experience in food manufacturing.</li><li>Knowledge and experience in GMP, HACCP and ISO Management System.</li><li>Familiar with physical, chemical, microbiological and sensory testing.</li><li>Strong leadership, interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>An initiative, responsible, and committed individual.</li><li>Able to work independently with minimum supervision.</li><li>Possess strong management skills, result oriented and positive work attitude.</li><li>A team player and able to work under pressure.</li><li>Strong prioritizing skills and ability to multi-task.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Olam International is a leading global integrated supply chain manager and processor of agricultural products and food ingredients, supplying various products across 16 platforms in 65 countries.</div>
<div>At Olam, we continue to hire, engage, develop and retain both leaders and a diverse high-quality workforce, providing both with an inclusive work environment. Our employees worldwide work alongside many unique individuals &#8211; entrepreneurs, technical specialists, suppliers, customers, government stakeholders &#8211; all doing their best to achieve mutual success.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-assistant-manager-4488077?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4488077&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 