---
title: "MBA HEAVY DUTY PARTS SDN. BHD. Vacancies Mechanical Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "MBA HEAVY DUTY PARTS SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mechanical Engineer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MBA HEAVY DUTY PARTS SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mechanical Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><span>The&#160;Mechanical Engineer is responsible to develop, control, direct and plan medium- or long-term plans for the equipment reliability, operational securities and plant improvement projects in a safe and efficient manner, complementing the role of maintenance team who focuses on short term needs.</span></p><p><span>The responsibilities cover the entire scope of engineering improvement projects which ranges from allocating labour resources, estimate, divide and prioritise workloads, maintain quality of planned maintenance in relations to breakdown and manage projects within requirements and safely.</span></p><p><span>This role is essential to both the ongoing operation and development of the processes at Johor-Kulai&#160;and needs to develop a deep understanding of complex hydraulic, pneumatic and mechanical systems and their impact of process performance.</span></p><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></p><ul><li><span>Technical skill in evaluation, testing, detail in problem study, solving &amp; improvement activities.</span></li><li><span>Contribute to the analysis of failures and problems, recommending corrective actions.</span></li><li><span>Work closely with production and support teams to manage flow.</span></li><li><span>Support new production line development.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for maintenance activities on wide range of machinery, inclusive of preventive&#160;maintenance,&#160;trouble shooting and breakdowns.</span></li><li><span>Develop and maintain in process quality control systems to ensure product quality.</span></li><li><span>Leading in a project from planning, execution and implementation of project in order to accomplish the goal which determine by the Management.&#160;&#160;</span></li><li><span>Responsible for project schedule by monitoring project progress, coordinating activities and resolving problems arise from the project.</span></li><li><span>Managing projects including maintaining good relationship with our customers, suppliers and inter-department.</span></li><li><span>Involving in maintaining safe and clean working environment by enforcing necessary procedures, rules and regulations.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Provide technical support to all operation team.</span></li><li><span>To liaise with sales operation.</span></li><li><span>Investigate into customer&#8217;s complaints and reject parts.</span></li><li>Familiar with Quality Management System ISO/IATF16949.</li><li><span>Study Bill of Material (BOM), routing and key in into ERP system.</span></li><li><span>To initiate meeting with operation team when customer issues Engineering Change Notification (ECN).</span></li><li><span>Conduct improvement for quality, yield, productivity, delivery and cost and ensure it meets company&#8217;s objectives.</span></li><li><span>Ability to collect and analyse data and root cause to define the action plan for preventive action.</span></li><li><span>Oversees site activities planning, implementation and controlling project.</span></li><li><span>Prepare, schedule, coordinate and monitor the assigned engineering projects, budget and costing, monitor and allocation of materials and resources, perform testing and commissioning.</span></li><li><span>Attend site inspections, meetings and prepare reports, report regularly on progress and monitor schedule, identify site issues and improve performance, ensure the site works carried out as plan, schedule, quality, safety and meet compliance.</span></li><li><span>Coordinate with all parties involved in the project to ensure work progress smoothly and complete within target time and budget.</span></li><li><span>Perform any other job function assigned by the superior.</span></li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in&#160;&#160;Engineering&#160;(Mechanical) / (Electrical) or equivalent.</span></li><li><span>Preferably Senior Executive specializing in Engineering - Mechanical/Electrical&#160;or equivalent.</span></li><li><span>Knowledgeable in project management and engineering standard operation procedure.</span></li><li>Good command of written and spoken Bahasa Malaysia and English. Proficiency in Mandarin will be an added advantage to communicate with foreign employees.</li><li><span>At least 3&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</span></li><li><span>Able to work in a teamwork environment with minimum supervision.</span></li><li><span>Experience&#160;</span><span>in ISO 9000 is an added advantage.</span></li><li><span>Computer literate with knowledge of Microsoft Office applications, AutoCAD, </span>Solid Works, Pro-e<span>, etc.</span></li><li><span>Good planning, organizing and leadership abilities.</span></li><li><span>Willing travel to overseas for project transfer.</span></li></ul><p>Interested applicants are invited to apply online or write - in your full resume (including current and expected salary) with a recent photograph to:</p><p><strong>MBA HEAVY DUTY PARTS SDN BHD</strong></p><p>No. 72, Jalan I-Park 1/6</p><p>Kawasan Perindustrian I-Park</p><p>Bandar Indahpura</p><p>81000 Kulai, Johor</p><p>Website: www.metrobearing.com</p><p><strong>Only shortlisted candidate will be notified</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MBA HEAVY DUTY PARTS INC. is mainly for the production of bearings, auto parts and</p><p>accessories. Most of the products are on OEM basis or under our own MBA &amp; BTC brand.</p><p>About 85% of the products are exported to the North and South American and European</p><p>markets. The rest is selling to Middle East and Asian countries.</p><p>FUWA-BTC Company Limited is primary for the production of spring brakes, air brake</p><p>chambers, manual and automatic slack adjusters. There are more than 100 types of</p><p>chambers and slack adjusters. Over 70% of the products are selling to the auto parts</p><p>manufacturers in China. The rest are on OEM basis mainly for export all over the world.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mechanical-engineer-4577975?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4577975&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 