---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Export Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-14 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Export Specialist which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Export Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>About the Role</strong><br>The <strong>Export Specialist </strong>is a critical role where he/she is responsible to work closely with internal and external stakeholders for all export activities.</div><div><br><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong><br>&#8226; Review and analyse international orders for logistical needs (transportation, trade compliance, etc.)<br>&#8226; Prepare and furnish transportation quotations to commercial finance team for costing preparation<br>&#8226; Liaise with freight forwarders for enquire &amp; maintain transportation instructions and charges on export customer orders and trading orders<br>&#8226; Prepare appropriate documentation for export shipments (commercial invoice, packing list, certificate of origin, manufacturing declaration, shippers&#8217; letter of instruction, etc.)<br>&#8226; Correspond with vendors, tech services &amp; purchasing to obtain documents and information necessary for export documentation &amp; import declaration.<br>&#8226; Correspond with government agencies &amp; apply for health certificates, free sale certificates or other certificates needed for foreign product registration or export shipments<br>&#8226; Liaise with Customer Care &amp; Freight forwarders to ensure open communication with regards to the pick-up, transport, and delivery of international orders<br>&#8226; Verify compliance &amp; accuracy of Bill of Lading, Airwaybill, import/export declaration and any other document required for international movement of product<br>&#8226; To track the validity of MITI costing analysis.<br>&#8226; Correspond with Regulatory Affair for the import/export of new raw materials or finished goods.<br>&#8226; Verify freight billing in timely manner<br>&#8226; Attend outside training sessions to keep abreast of changes in import/ exporting requirements<br>&#8226; Identify new procedures &amp; methods to expedite delivery to the customer and cost savings plans for the efficient and compliant operation of the Import/Export department<br>&#8226; Assist Manager in preparing letters to vendors, freight forwarders and other parties involved in export transactions<br>&#8226; Coordinate samples and provide export documentation<br>&#8226; Assist with special projects as required (ex. re-export &#8211; machines &amp; raw materials, duty drawback, freight tenders)<br>&#8226; Train new employees in basic import/export department procedures accordingly<br><br><strong>Person Specification:</strong><br>&#8226; Minimum Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in business / Logistics / Supply Chain or any related discipline<br><strong>&#8226; Minimum 1-3 years working experience in an MNC export environment</strong><br>&#8226; Familiar with INCO Terms and international logistics practices is highly preferred<br>&#8226; Good command of English and Bahasa Melayu is required to communicate with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. government bodies and suppliers)<br>&#8226; Ability to multi-task and handle high volume of work required qualifications<br>&#8226; A motivated and driven individual with the core competencies required to success in a demanding and challenging working environment</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/export-specialist-4536978?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4536978&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 