---
title: "Qi Tian Management Sdn Bhd Vacancies Marketing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: "Qi Tian Management Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Qi Tian Management Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for a talented Marketing Executive to undertake marketing projects for the benefit of our Company. You will organize creative campaigns and promotional events that can make a difference for our Company's success according to trends and customer requirements.</p><p>The ideal candidate will be passionate for the "art" of marketing and will have an abundance of ideas for building efficient strategies. He / She must bring forth a strong arsenal of techniques and methods to promote our products, services and public image.</p><p>The goal is to reach out to the market and to cultivate the customers' interest in our products and services in ways that strengthen our reputation and facilitate our continuous growth.</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Leads and manages marketing department staff by providing tasks, objectives, strategies and projects.</li><li>Assist in interviewing, hiring, orientation and training of new department staff</li><li>Manages the marketing department budget and uses financial strategy to advise all marketing plans</li><li>Oversees the production of all marketing materials, including printed documents, media advertising spots, website content, and social media accounts</li><li>Regularly interacts with marketing manager and director to receive information and updates about marketing staff progress and results</li><li>Evaluates marketing reports and sales data to other department heads and executives</li><li>Presents regular updates and information to other department heads and executives</li><li>Works with executives to incorporate marketing needs into overall company planning and strategy</li><li>Monitors competitor activity and brainstorms potential improvements or changes in marketing strategy, products or services.</li><li>Organizes and attend company-wide and marketing events</li><li>Assist in securing access to major media channels and important sponsorships</li><li>Travels to meet clients and attend conferences, trade shows, industry events, and seminars</li><li>Adheres to and implements company policies and procedures</li><li>Writing and proofreading creative copy</li></ul><p><strong>Skills and Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Advanced Degree in Marketing, Business or Related Field</li><li>Extensive Marketing Experience</li><li>Computer Proficiency</li><li>Creative</li><li>Innovative</li><li>Adaptability</li><li>Strong Interpersonal Communication</li><li>Good in maintaining relationships with Clients</li><li>Writing</li><li>Public Speaking</li><li>People Management</li><li>Leadership</li><li>Planning</li><li>Budgeting</li><li>Multi-tasking</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a fast growing and young company which started off in service office industry in Johor Bahru and Selangor</p><p>We gradually took up many opportunities which enable us to explore other businesses such as office system, vehicle rental, confinement services and disinfection services</p><p>We offer well diverse experience for our staff to archive multi personal growth and career advancement</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-executive-4539413?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4539413&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 