---
title: "ASENSIA CORPORATE SERVICES PLT Vacancies External Auditor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "ASENSIA CORPORATE SERVICES PLT is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the External Auditor which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ASENSIA CORPORATE SERVICES PLT is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>External Auditor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>AUDIT SENIORS</strong></p><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Perform statutory audits of financial statements for a wide range of clientele from various industries.</li><li>Responsible for various aspects of auditing functions (statutory and special audit) including audit planning, system review and audit fieldwork, etc.</li><li>Handle audit assignments independently.</li><li>Assist in preparing financial statements and schedules.</li><li>Perform consolidation of accounts.</li><li>Handle tax compliance matters for corporate clients.</li><li>Ensuring timely completion of audit and ensuring meeting monthly budget / billing.</li><li>Assist in other assignment and special projects as required.</li></ul><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>A suitable recognized degree in accountancy / professional qualification from an international accounting Institute.</li><li>At least 3 year working experience in audit environment gained in an Auditing Firm for senior position.</li><li>Bookkeeping knowledge.</li><li>Strong analytical skills, resourceful, able to work independently and as a team player.</li><li>Committed to work under tight deadlines.</li><li>Good command of English with strong inter-personal and communications skill.</li><li>Eye for details.</li><li>Computer literate and proficient in MS Office.</li><li>Approachable disposition.</li><li>Experience in group consolidation of accounts, added advantage.</li><li>Candidate seeking long term employment.</li></ul><p>[Salary: RM3,500.00 - RM5,000.00 per month]</p><p><strong>AUDIT MANAGER / SUPERVISOR</strong></p><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Manage full aspects of audit engagements, from planning, executing, reporting, reviewing of audit schedules, clearance of work and completion, up to inventorying of audit files.</li><li>Manage a portfolio of clients including, client&#8217;s expectations and deliverables, responsible for all client management services, act as a liaison between clients and engagement team.</li><li>Experience in group consolidation of accounts.</li><li>Good understanding of compliance and risk management.</li><li>Organize audit results and highlight points for attention.</li><li>Analyse internal control system of companies, identify and recommend internal controls.</li><li>Supervision of audit seniors and associates.</li><li>Involved in budgeting process to prepare forecast billings and collections on a regular basis, ensure timely billing and collections.</li></ul><p>Job Requirements:</p><ul><li>Candidates must possess a recognized degree in Accountancy or equivalent professional qualification. (ACCA, CPA).</li><li>With at least 5 years of relevant work experience in a public accounting firm.</li><li>Good understanding of corporate governance, regulatory compliance, auditing standards and accounting principles.</li><li>Possess good initiative, resourcefulness and meticulous.</li><li>Independent yet team player with strong analytical, project management and time management skills.</li><li>Excellent leadership, coaching, communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Excellent communication skills to work effectively and efficiently across all levels.</li><li>Strong communication skills (written and verbal), including good report writing skills.</li><li>Possess strong technical expertise and good knowledge in IT processes.</li><li>Well conversant in computer skills in MS office.</li><li>Ability to work within tight timeline and in a fast-paced environment and able to do OT during peak period and as and when necessary.</li></ul><p>[Salary: RM4,500.00 - RM9,000.00 per month]</p><p>Asensia Corporate Services, is a provider of full range of corporate services in the areas of Company &amp; business registration, corporate secretarial practice, accounting, audit, tax, payroll and related consultancy services. We are currently looking to recruit competent, talented and self driven professionals to join our team and support our Singapore office from Malaysia.</p><p>Interested candidates who wish to apply for the advertised position, please email us a copy of your resume (with recent image) and current salary and expected salary (our official website: https://scmohan.com.sg/about-us/#contact_talent).</p><p>We thank you in advance for your interest in our Firm. We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Asensia Corporate Services&#160;</strong><strong>(LLP0027588-LGN)</strong>, is a provider of full range of corporate services in the areas of Company &amp; business registration, corporate secretarial practice, accounting, audit, tax, payroll and related consultancy services.</div>
<div>
		We are currently looking to recruit competent, talented and self-driven professionals to join our team and support our Singapore office from Malaysia.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/external-auditor-8470681/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8470681&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 