---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Maintenance Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Maintenance Engineer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Maintenance Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Summary</strong><br>Maintenance engineers work in multi-disciplinary teams, which include production personnel, manufacturing engineers, design engineers and other technical professionals, to ensure uninterrupted, efficient and quality-driven production or plant operations. Role in connecting field operations with the maintenance organization, responsible to minimize the machine downtime and failure rates and maximize equipment productivity. Maintenance engineers also undertake Preventive Maintenance scheduled activity and breakdown maintenance of production equipment.</div><div><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>Guide, lead and oversee group of technicians.</li><li>Review the machines performance data and update to Maintenance managers/supervisor of machine progress/condition.</li><li>Conduct and perform schedule for Machine Preventive Maintenance. Arrange, planning, schedule and implement of Preventive Maintenance.</li><li>Responding immediately to machines breakdowns and dealing with emergencies, unplanned problems and repairs.</li><li>Hands-on with the machines and work with the improvement activity to reduce the machine downtime and maintain the machines durability.</li><li>Be a mentor and provide guidance to Technicians on the machines troubleshooting and Machine Maintenance.</li><li>Support and collaborate with Automation Team for Machines Upgrading, Improvement, SAT or Major Maintenance.</li><li>Liaise with supplier and vendor for machine servicing, parts design, purchasing tooling, jig, fixture and spare part.</li><li>Able to work on rotation shift. Day and Night.</li><li>Any other task that assigned by Maintenance Manager.</li><li>Ensure all activities are performed in a manner that does not create unnecessary environment impacts.</li><li>Comply with all environmental control procedures</li><li>Report or feedback environmental incidences or improvements needed.</li><li>Ensure all activities within their area of control is conducted in a manner that complies with environmental control procedures and does not create unnecessary environmental impacts</li><li>Monitor and ensure compliance to environmental operational controls and compliance with applicable legal and other requirements.</li><li>Communicate clear roles and responsibility for environmental control</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.</li></ul><div><strong>Education and/or Experience</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Degree/Diploma/Certificate/SPM/SPVM holder in Engineering (Mechanical/ Electrical/Mechatronic) or equivalent.</li><li>Experience 3 - 5 years of working experience in the engineering/maintenance field/operation/ manufacturing environment.&#160;</li><li>Experience and expertise in planning and implementation for the Preventive Maintenance on the Mechanical, Pneumatic, Electrical and Electronic components.</li><li>Good knowledge in Mechanical, Robotics, PLC is an advantaged.</li><li>Ability to make a drawing using AutoCAD/Inventor or Solid works.</li><li>Familiar working with CMMS, JIRA, OEE tools and Microsoft Power BI&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br><strong>Language Skills&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Ability to effectively communicate in the English language verbally and in writing.</li><li>Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc.</li><li>Must have the ability to perform additions, subtractions, etc.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul><br><strong>Computer Skills&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;<ul><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Extra Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>An ability to work well under pressure</li><li>Inclined and relevant technical knowledge</li><li>Problem-solving skills</li><li>Efficiency and organisation</li><li>Team working skills and good leadership</li><li>Creative and innovative.</li></ul><div><strong>Work Environment</strong><br>The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.<br>&#8226; Employee works primarily in a manufacturing environment, with in a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels.</div><div><strong>Work Requirements</strong><br>&#8226; Compliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.<br>&#8226; Travel and fieldwork including international travel, therefore employee must possess or can acquire a valid US Passport.<br>&#8226; Must be legally eligible to work in the Malaysia.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/maintenance-engineer-4520021?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4520021&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 