---
title: "JTI Malaysia Vacancies Field Marketer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-03 
excerpt: "JTI Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Field Marketer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JTI Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Field Marketer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>The Field Marketer (FM)&#160;</strong>is accountable &amp; responsible for his/her assigned territories in ensuring optimal planning &amp; execution of field marketing, trade service level and A&amp;V opportunities. Maintain continuous streamlined communication with all key stakeholders for efficient resolution of any trade opportunities/challenges. He will be expected to analyze information from tools like DSD/TME/Retail Eye systems and conduct territorial exploration for business opportunity and growth. The FM is also responsible to observe market dynamics in accordance with JTI standards.<div><strong>What will you do?</strong></div><ul><li>You will identify opportunities in the market via Field Marketing approach focusing on consumer centric at retail level to deliver brand building strategies, strategic market development planning &amp; product assessment for optimal awareness &amp; to gain SOM</li><li>Ensure the achievement of field marketing, sales &amp; distribution objectives focusing on the right &amp; high impact outlets within the designated area. To achieve measurable sales &amp; distribution targets through close monitoring and working closely with distributor's sales team/areas of responsibility</li><li>Develop and maintain a highly motivated and competent distributor's sales team by fostering a good working relationship with the salesman through regular field visitation, understanding their needs &amp; providing appropriate support</li><li>You will maintain proper and updated administrative records on sales data, distribution analysis, merchandising records and other business-related costs. Take accountability to fully optimize information from DSD/TME systems and Marketing &amp; sales programs towards realizing the full benefits for the business</li><li>To participate or implement any ad-hoc activities as per requested by superior. Actively participate in meetings/discussion on a group or individual basis is needed to have a clear and concise understanding of JTI business objectives</li><li>You will maintain &amp; develop a mutually productive relationship with all assigned accounts like general trade, key accounts, etc. and customers through frequent visitation (including compliance check) &amp; ensuring sales team provide the expected satisfactory trade service level</li></ul><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>A Diploma or Degree holder in Business Administration, Marketing or any other related fields</li><li>With at least <strong>1yr experience in Field Sales/Marketing, preferably from the FMCG Industry.</strong></li><li>Fluent in English and Malay Bahasa. Mandarin language is an advantage</li><li>Has good leadership and interpersonal skills and able to communicate effectively</li><li>A self-starter with the ability to meet objectives under minimum supervision</li><li><strong>Must have a GDL (Driving License)</strong></li><li>Amenable to work at <strong>Muar, Malaysia</strong></li></ul><div><strong>What's in it for you?</strong></div><ul><li>Be covered with medical insurance upon hiring, with dependent coverage and medicine allowance</li><li>Receive cash allowances such as meal and transport allowance</li><li>Flexible working arrangements</li><li>Have access to over 200 company training</li><li>Be part of a truly international and diverse company with over 40,000 employees in 130 countries.</li><li>Experience the culture of an Investors in People certified company</li><li>Find out why 9 out of 10 employees recommend us to a friend.</li><li>Understand why 9 out of 10 employees say they feel free to be themselves.</li></ul><div><br>So when you&#8217;re ready to choose a career you&#8217;ll love, in a company you&#8217;ll love, feel free to <strong>#JoinTheIdea #JoinJTI!</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	JT International (JTI) is a leading international tobacco company and we market world-renowned brands. Our goal is to become the most respected and successful tobacco company in the world. JTI Malaysia is the second largest tobacco company in Malaysia, producing key brands such as Winston, Mevius &amp; LD. Our headquarters is located at Menara Manulife, Damansara Heights, with nine sales offices across the country.<br>
<br>
	JTI Malaysia has been awarded Top Employers certification, testimony that we provide an enriching experience for our employees. The Top Employers Institute certifies excellence in the conditions that employers create for their people around the world. It certifies JTI Malaysia as one of the organizations that achieves the highest standards of excellence.<br>
<br>
	For more information visit http://www.jti.com/Malaysia</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/field-marketer-4582112?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4582112&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 