---
title: "WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn Vacancies Specialist 3, Human Resource" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-13 
excerpt: "WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Specialist 3, Human Resource which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Specialist 3, Human Resource</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong><div><strong>BROAD&#160; FUNCTIONS :&#160;</strong><br>Responsible to carry out human resources development programs in accordance to company&#8217;s business needs to meet the objectives to improve the competence, development and effectiveness of the organization&#8217;s human resources.</div><div><br><br><strong>Regular</strong><br>&#8226; To work close with TMPD (Training Management People Development) in corporate training plans and aligning with corporate TMPD objectives.<br>&#8226; Responsible to conduct TNA, prepare annual training plan, develop competency assessment system and manage the HRDF application.<br>&#8226; To coordinate training on leadership and management development<br>&#8226; Work closely with the managers/ supervisors in the training needs analysis process and map out annual training plans for management, operation, HR, support team and more<br>&#8226; Propose training and other interventions to close the performance gap and meet the training needs which focus on employee development<br>&#8226; Conduct, coordinate, facilitate and/or evaluate and gather feedback for the corporate training programs as well as the New Hires Orientation programs<br>&#8226; Market available training to employees and provide necessary information about sessions.<br>&#8226; To work close with TA department in managing training requirement and development for newcomers &#8211; permanent employees, contract workers /foreign worker, interns/practical students.<br>&#8226; Identify relevant structure and system to ensure effective training applications.<br>&#8226; Design prepare and order educational aids and material and manage in-house training facilities, rooms and equipment.<br>&#8226; Administer the&#160; Training Policy and Systems (LMS &#8211; Learning Management System, Industrial Training &amp; Project Skills Training)&#160;<br>&#8226; Support the implementation of the Quality Management and Environmental, Health &amp; Safety Management Systems (through training activities/programs implementation</div>Irregular<div>&#8226; Assist in other Human Resource functions as and when assigned from time to time such as ER and EE activities.<br>&#8226; Support other HR functions arising from business expansion<br>&#8226; Support in managing change</div><div><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong><div><strong>Educational, Certifications &amp; Licenses Required:&#160;&#160;</strong><br>&#8226; Degree in Education, Training, HR or related field.<br>&#8226; Having TTT certificate certified from PSMB is an advantage&#160;</div><div><strong>Skill Required :</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>&#8226; Strong in communication skills<br>&#8226; Proficient in English and ability to communicate fairly a must.<br>&#8226; Proficiency in MS-Office applications a must.<br>&#8226; Possess of public relation skills an added advantage.</div><br><strong>Experience:</strong><br>&#8226; At least minimum 5 years of related working experience.<br>&#8226; Proven work experience as a Training Coordinator, Trainer, Training Facilitator or similar role</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Western Digital - A Storage Solutions Leader</div>
<div>
<div>
		Western Digital is a company with strong values and a passion to innovate and lead the charge in the transformation of data. Creating the right environment where our employees can thrive is key to how we do business. Quality products, exceptional customer service and industry-leading solutions all come from a culture that&#8217;s inclusive, forward-thinking and bold enough to imagine the possibilities of data.&#160; We thrive on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe that the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe that the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/specialist-3-human-resource-4460987?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4460987&sectionRank=10&token=0~7904941d-2c5c-4c60-822d-eda51b1e33a3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 