---
title: "Valiram Vacancies Assistant Store Manager - Godiva JPO" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-20 
excerpt: "Valiram is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Store Manager - Godiva JPO which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Valiram is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Store Manager - Godiva JPO</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary</strong><div>To provide responsible and highly skilled management in directing all facets of retail store operation. The Manager manages the retail store consistent with the short and long term interests of the company and its employees. He/she will consistently provide our customers with the highest level of service possible and assist the Brand/ Retail Manager in achieving budgeted revenue goals and monitoring expenses.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong><ul><li>Recruit, Train, Develop store teams.</li><li>Function as a resource and leader providing product, sales &amp; customer service expertise.</li><li>Conducts on-the-job training &amp; role modeling and deliver the ultimate customer experience.</li><li>Strategize with leadership to develop &amp; execute store action plans to drive store productivity.</li><li>Develop sales, KPI and labor plans by store by day.</li><li>Partner with Head of Operations to develop &amp; implement a Standard Operating Procedures manual.</li><li>Develops Merchandising Flow processes and procedures.</li><li>Writes &amp; owns store communications.</li><li>Manage Store maintenance issues.</li><li>Order and manage inventory of store supplies.</li><li>Continuously improves operational performance in stores while considering consistency and the needs of the total store. Actively seeks, identifies and implements internal and external operational best practices.</li><li>Identifies visual operational opportunities that simplify in-store execution.</li></ul></div></div><div><strong>Working Conditions</strong></div><div><ul><li>Work is normally performed in a typical retail outlet work environment.</li><li>Required to work retail operation hours according to scheduled shift.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements</strong><ul><li>3-5 years of retail experience for Assistant Store Managers; store management experience preferred.</li><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in related field or equivalent experience.</li><li>Strong interpersonal skills and ability to build effective business partnerships.</li><li>Ability to communicate, influence and negotiate effectively with all levels of leadership.</li><li>Proven organizational skills &#8211; able to manage multiple demands with competing priorities and allocate time effectively.</li><li>Ability to analyze situations and resolve issues with innovation and creativity.</li><li>Ability to challenge and influence operational processes.</li><li>Tries new ideas, takes calculated risks, and encourages others to do the same, as appropriate</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li></ul></div></div><div>Employment Type: 2 years Contract (conversion to permanent upon performance evaluation)&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>Valiram </strong>was established in 1935 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, originally specialising in the textile trade. Today, Valiram is Southeast Asia&#8217;s leading luxury goods and 360<strong>&#176;</strong> retail specialist with presence in Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Australia, the Philippines, Thailand, Russia, Macau, Vietnam and New Zealand. Operating more than 360 stores, a number which continues to grow, the group represents international brands across various categories, from fashion and accessories, timepieces and jewellery, perfume and cosmetics to confectionery and dining concepts. Its portfolio comprises internationally renowned brands such as Michael Kors, Tumi, Bath &amp; Body Works and Victoria&#8217;s Secret, as well as original and innovative retail concepts including Luxury Fashion, Swiss Watch Gallery, The Flying Emporium and&#160;Vie Beaute.</div>
<div>Creating world-class retail environments that offer compelling and luxurious shopping experiences is Valiram's hallmark, and it will continue to bring the most desirable international brands and cutting-edge concepts to the region. The company is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Discover more at valiram.com or join in the conversation on Facebook and Instagram: #Valiram.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-store-manager-godiva-jpo-4486497?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4486497&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 