---
title: "Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Storekeeper (Good environment, 5 Days Work)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Storekeeper (Good environment, 5 Days Work) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Storekeeper (Good environment, 5 Days Work)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>We are looking for a motivated and dynamic <strong>Storekeeper</strong> to join our team. Your responsibilities will be to manage and control the movement of stocks in the warehouse. To help to achieve this, we will provide you with a competitive base salary, incentive and career opportunities.</li></ul><p>&#160;<strong>In this role you will be responsible for:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the control of tools, equipments and materials in the store.</li><li>Coordinate and control receiving and issuing of inventory on daily basis.</li><li>Ensure inspection for each delivery of equipments and materials before acceptance</li><li>Update and maintain store records, stock movement record and inventory record.</li><li>Conduct monthly physical inventory check and submit report.</li><li>Update and submit weekly report on inventory of consumable materials to the Management.</li><li>Ensure the availability of consumable material in the store at all times.</li><li>Ensure proper housekeeping and maintain proper arrangement of equipments of the store.</li><li>Comply with regulations to ensure safety and security of storage area and walkways.</li><li>Responsible for any other related duties assigned by the Management .</li></ul><p><strong>The ideal candidate will possess:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum SPM with proven track record in store management.</li><li>Required language(s): English.</li><li>Good planning and organizational skills with attention to details.</li><li>Ability to priorities tasks with effective time management.</li><li>Able to work independently.</li><li>Computer skill is essential.</li></ul><p><strong>Highly Desirable:</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent stock management and planning skills.</li><li>Ability to meet and reach stock accuracy targets.</li><li>Versatility to build rapport with people at all levels.</li><li>Take ownership or responsible on the stock control and records.</li></ul><p><strong>Rewards and Benefits:</strong></p><ul><li>Attractive base salary and allowances.</li><li>You will be welcomed into a friendly, robust and competitive team that are highly motivated and focused on achieving goals and results. You will be given full product training, with hands on assistance from the Service Team.</li></ul><p><strong>So, what are you waiting for? Come, let&#8217;s join our team by APPLYING NOW!</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. </strong>was established in 1993 located in Taichung Industrial Park. Initially, it manufactures desiccant, air freshener, dust mop, clock frames, and other household goods. In 1997, it expands its business scope to food manufacturing and it sets up jelly, biscuits, chicken soup, other snack foods, and health food production lines. In 2013, our company expanded to Malaysia. In addition, it passed ISO 9000, ISO 22000, HACCP, and etc. international quality certification.</div>
<div>Since its establishment in 1985, it keeps holding the principle of "sustainable development, quality first" business philosophy. From firmed food expertise and stringent process capability to the scientific point of view, professional, systematic manner, continuous research, development and innovation, complete equipment, and strict quality control to provide customers with the most valuable products and grasp the unique market position. Professional service and high quality products are unanimously recommended and affirmed by the domestic and foreign companies.<br>
<br>
TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. checks each product under its productions with serious attitude. From product development process to product release, it often has to invest more than tens of millions in research and development; under the active efforts, TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. has also been awarded the ISO 9001 international quality certification to meet and assure the customers who sells our products with confidence.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/storekeeper-good-environment-5-days-work-4545254?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545254&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 