---
title: "Pengerang Terminals Sdn Bhd Vacancies Engineer, SHE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "Pengerang Terminals Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Engineer, SHE which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pengerang Terminals Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Engineer, SHE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong><em>Job Specification:</em></strong></p><ul><li>To implement PTSB security, safety, environmental and health policies and procedures for overall Terminal and Jetty.</li><li>To guide, support and implement safe work practices in line with PTSB&#8217;s Safety, Security, Health, Environment and Quality Management System requirements, and in compliance to relevant legal requirements</li><li>To support the SHE Manager in these core areas of responsibility:</li></ul><ul><li>Management System, Safety as well as Quality</li><li>Operations Safety &amp; Security</li><li>Emergency Preparedness and Crisis Management</li><li>Sustainability: Health, Environment and Energy</li></ul><ul><li>To support the SHE Manager in engaging with the following stakeholders: Internal members in particular Maintenance and Operations:</li></ul><ul><li>Contractors in particular resident and critical contractors and suppliers</li><li>Authorities such as CGSO, DOSH, DOE</li><li>Neighbors and communities in particular PT2SB, PMOSB and PT5</li></ul><ul><li>To assist the SHE Manager to improve and develop existing processes</li><li>Execute frequent site inspections to ensure all safety, health, environmental and security rules and guidelines are being adhered in order to and maintain high safety standard and safe working environment.&#160;Where there are gaps, to support the different stakeholders to close such gaps.</li><li>Execute enforcement actions for non-compliance</li><li>Lead a Sustainability program such as Environmental quality monitoring, Industrial Hygiene &amp; Occupational Health (IH/OH) and Energy conservation program.</li><li>A focal person for Quality Management System (QMS) subscribed by PTSB. Monitoring ISO System PDCA cycle and Coordinate ISO correction action request (CAR).</li><li>To prepare a SHE Monthly Report by data analysis and others reference report.</li><li>Administrative SHE Systems such as COW, Enablon etc.</li><li>Coordinator for SHE Promotion and Campaign for Department and PTSB when required.</li><li>Main working environment is within the Terminal facility which covers both office and field work</li><li>External meetings and travel are required such as external training, engagement with authorities, contractor and supplier audits</li></ul><p><strong><em>Skills:</em></strong></p><ul><li>Communication skills, including ability to present and deliver training</li><li>Registered AGTES. Experience with field work environment</li><li>Ability to work using IT systems, analyze and use data</li><li>Technical &amp; Professional Knowledge:</li></ul><ul><li>Registered Safety &amp; Health Officer with DOSH (is an added advantage)</li><li>Familiarity with OSHA, especially in the areas of Occupational Safety and Health</li><li>Familiarity with Environmental Quality Act, and legal requirements with respect to emissions</li><li>Familiarity with ISO quality management systems</li><li>Familiarity with safety management system</li></ul><p><strong><em>Requirements:</em></strong></p><ul><li>Min Degree in Science, OSH or any equivalent qualifications. Having NIOSH, NEBOSH or similar certification is an advantage</li><li>Min 3 years&#8217; experience in related job field.</li><li>Experience in O&amp;G preferred</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>Pengerang Terminals Sdn Bhd</strong> is a joint-venture company between Dialog Group Berhad and Royal Vopak. Dialog Group is a Malaysian-listed integrated specialist technical services provider in the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, while Royal Vopak is the world&#8217;s largest independent tank storage provider for bulk liquids headquartered in the Netherlands. The terminal provides storage, blending and distribution services for crude and clean petroleum products with storage capacity of 1.3 million cubic meters (cbm) . The terminal&#160; has six berths and is able to accommodate vessels of various sizes up to very large crude carriers (VLCCs).&#160;</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineer-she-4511005?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511005&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 