---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Maintenance Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Maintenance Technician which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Maintenance Technician</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>Reporting to Maintenance Engineer.</li><li>Keeping Maintenance engineer informed of progress and machine condition.</li><li>Ensures that machines is performing effectively and efficiently</li><li>Responding immediately to machine breakdowns.</li><li>Perform set up and conversion on machine accordance to product/process requirement when request by related party.</li><li>Work closely with Engineering team to develop new model or product.</li><li>Work closely with QA and Production to achieve One Time Delivery and control machine yield.</li><li>Daily maintain and perform machine troubleshooting to ensure machine can produce good product quality and productivity.</li><li>Carrying out and perform schedule for Machine Preventive Maintenance.</li><li>Update Records. (Daily PM, Downtime report, CMMS &amp; document related to ISO)</li><li>Carry out any duties as assigned by Maintenance Engineer.</li><li>Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.</li><li>Ensure all activities are performed in a manner that does not create unnecessary environment impacts.</li><li>Comply with all environmental control procedures</li><li>Report or feedback environmental incidences or improvements needed.</li><li>Ensure all activities within their area of control is conducted in a manner that complies with environmental control procedures and does not create unnecessary environmental impacts</li><li>Monitor and ensure compliance to environmental operational controls and compliance with applicable legal and other requirements.</li><li>Communicate clear roles and responsibility for environmental control</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><div>To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.</div><div><strong>Education and/or Experience </strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Diploma or Vocational Certificate in Mechanical / Mechatronic / Manufacturing Engineering</li><li>Preferably with 2-3 years&#8217; experience in Maintenance department of a manufacturing organization</li><li>Fresh entry applicants are also welcome to apply.</li><li>Have knowledge for Preventive Maintenance on the Mechanical, Pneumatic and Electronic components.</li><li>Applicants with experience in PLC, CMMS &amp; OEE tools would have the advantage</li><li>Must be prepared to work hard and long hours to minimize any disruption in production.<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Language Skills </strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Ability to effectively communicate in the English language verbally and in writing.</li><li>Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc.</li><li>Must have the ability to perform additions, subtractions, etc.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Computer Skills </strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li></ul><div><strong>Extra Skills </strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>An ability to work well under pressure</li><li>Relevant technical knowledge</li><li>Problem-solving skills</li><li>Efficiency and organisation</li><li>Team working skills and good attitude.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/maintenance-technician-4520017?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4520017&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 