---
title: "AISHU TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Vacancies International Digital Marketing Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "AISHU TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the International Digital Marketing Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AISHU TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>International Digital Marketing Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>If you enthusiastic to digital marketing, we want to talk to you.</p><p>We are looking for a Digital Marketing Manager to develop, implement, track and optimize our digital marketing campaigns across all digital channels.</p><p><strong>AN OVERVIEW OF ROLE</strong></p><p>You&#160;should have a strong grasp of current marketing tools and strategies and be able to lead integrated digital marketing campaigns from concept to execution.</p><p>You will also be tasked to work closely with the Company&#160;Product marketing team, sales team members and manage agencies and / or vendors to launch digital campaigns on time and on budget, with clear measurables and ROIs.</p><p>As this is a global marketing team role, you must also possess prior experience managing a diverse team consisting of Web (Hybris), Social Media and e-Commerce individuals. Given that this is a global role, you are also expected to provide best practices and introduce the necessary framework for implementation to all countries / market under the jurisdiction of the APAC headquarters.</p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Strategize, plan and see to execution of all digital marketing, including SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns</p><p>&#183;&#160;Work with team to enhance Company social media presence</p><p>&#183;&#160;Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs)</p><p>&#183;&#160;Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights, including proper management and optimization of digital budget</p><p>&#183;&#160;Lead the planning, execution, and measurement of experiments and conversion tests</p><p>&#183;&#160;Collaborate and engage business units in HQ and in country marketing teams to create landing pages and optimize user experience</p><p>&#183;&#160;Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points. Instrument conversion points and optimize user funnels</p><p>&#183;&#160;Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies and evaluate emerging technologies</p><p>&#183;&#160;Provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption in the region, where appropriate</p><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Degree in marketing or a related field</p><p>&#183;&#160;Ability to provide strategic insights and ideas&#160;for digital marketing with the intent to elevate brand awareness, drive consideration and eventually conversion</p><p>&#183;&#160;Strong team &amp; people management skills.&#160;Previous experience&#160;in managing a diverse team of individuals consisting of web, social media and e-commerce headcounts is a requirement</p><p>&#183;&#160;Experience in managing 3rd party vendors and / or brand alliance</p><p>&#183;&#160;Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript development and constraints</p><p>&#183;&#160;Capable and experience in creating a mobile APP or/and H5 will be an advantage.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Solid knowledge of website analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics)</p><p>&#183;&#160;Experience in setting up and optimizing Google Adwords campaigns</p><p>&#183;&#160;Proven working experience in digital marketing</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>&#12304;About AISHU&#12305;</div>
<div>AISHU big data infrastructure serves for a smarter future.</div>
<div>With the headquarter in Shanghai,1300+ employees in China &#160;and 1000+ business partners over the world, we have been established in 2006 and now entering overseas. At the moment, Singapore branch is opening!</div>
<div>With innovative technologies, we are committed to providing a data security and availability solution with full coverage of data recovery&#160;capability level 1-6, including intelligent content management, intelligent data management featured by AIOps and data insight based on multi-modal knowledge graph. Then help clients to achieve industry digitalization from business intelligence, data intelligence to industry intelligence.</div>
<div>Know more information: https://www.aishu.cn</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/international-digital-marketing-manager-4486534?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4486534&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 