---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Visual Content Designer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-14 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Visual Content Designer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Visual Content Designer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>As Visual Content Designer at Kerry Business Services based in Malaysia, you will inspire, inform and captivate the target audience with your creative flair. You will define requirements, shape and produce the overall layout and visual aspects (such as on-brand graphics and content) of corporate and marketing presentations as well as create customised Microsoft Office templates, vector icons and images that clearly convey our brand image.</div><div>Kerry Business Services (KBS), an integral part of the Kerry Group Strategy, is a group function allowing us to focus on generating demand for our products. The KBS mission is to deliver multi-functional, value-adding, cost effective and compliant services through end-to-end process optimisation. In conjunction with this, its aim is to develop a learning and high performing organisation contributing to the Group&#8217;s objectives of sustainable and profitable growth.</div><div><strong>Work Location: Malaysia (Work from Home for the time being)</strong></div><div><strong>Work Timing:&#160;</strong><strong>As this role supports our Europe marketing team, you will work on Shift timings from 2:00pm to 11:00pm MYT (*may vary slightly depending on day light savings).</strong></div><div><strong>Reporting To: Global Process &amp; Analytics Director</strong></div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div><div>&#8226; Produce visually appealing presentations, content &amp; relevant marketing materials from rough drafts<br>&#8226; Schedule projects based on marketing briefs<br>&#8226; Find and modify images to fit within Kerry branding guidelines<br>&#8226; Ensure a consistent look &amp; feel, use appropriate colours, layouts compliant with brand guidelines<br>&#8226; Adapt graphics, visuals, contents across various media<br>&#8226; Contribute to manage and structure content storage to share &amp; re-apply<br>&#8226; Act as a &#8216;content librarian&#8217; for the Marketing team</div><div><strong>Qualifications &amp; Competencies:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Degree/Diploma in Design, Fine Arts, Architecture or other relevant academic discipline with at least 3-5 years of Graphic Design work experience<br>&#8226; High level of proficiency with Microsoft Office, especially PowerPoint is a MUST, as well as having familiarity with design software and technologies (GIMP, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator, Dimensions, Premiere Pro)<br>&#8226; Intellectual curiosity and creative flair with a keen eye for aesthetics and details<br>&#8226; Fluency in English with strong inter-personal skills<br>&#8226; Self-starter, flexible, adaptable and able to work cross functionally<br>&#8226; Must be able to translate requirements into design, simplify information and represent it visually for a broad audience</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/visual-content-designer-4473230?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473230&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 