---
title: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Supervisor Offshore Projects" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-13 
excerpt: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supervisor Offshore Projects which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supervisor Offshore Projects</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>The Role</strong></p><p>Your primary role will be the supervision of the operational preparations and on site works execution (both onshore and offshore). The project elements comprise the correct installation of lifting and rigging equipment and ultimately the execution of the lifts of the various components to be installed</p><p><span>In addition, you will have the opportunity to develop your skills further.&#160;Whilst prior experience is an advantage, full training will be given prior to undertaking operations.</span></p><p>No project is the same as the previous one<span> and project sites will be at a number of destinations both nationally and internationally.&#160;</span></p><p><span>Your future could follow a number of paths &#8211; you could become a Construction Manager or move over to other areas within our business, including R&amp;D Engineer, Project engineer, Project Management or Sales</span></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Represent Mammoet-Conbit as the leader of the crew;</li><li>Controlling and reporting the progress;</li><li>Controlling and managing safety on the job;</li><li>Active operational assistance in case required;</li><li>Attendance Client meetings;</li><li>Control of quality aspects and maintaining/updating of the ITP schedule;</li><li>Report and register Management of Change &#8211; variations in scope and/or procedure;</li><li>Maintain contact with construction and engineering departments of Mammoet &#8211; Conbit as required;</li></ul><p><strong>Knowledge:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Excellent oral and written English skills</span></li><li><span>Good knowledge of tools, equipment, lifting methods, cables, winches, and control methodologies.</span></li><li><span>Good knowledge of the Standard industry health and safety requirements</span></li><li><span>Basic computer skills, Outlook &#8211; Word &#8211; Excel for reporting purposes</span></li></ul><p><strong>Experience:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Experience in onshore and offshore projects</span></li><li><span>Previous experience working with mechanical equipment, hydraulic and/or electrical equipment</span></li></ul><p><strong>Abilities:</strong></p><ul><li><span>To manage, control and motivate a team of specialized technicians</span></li><li><span>To maintain continuous focus on safety, quality and efficiency</span></li></ul><p><strong>Other Attributes</strong></p><ul><li><span>Be a professional Mammoet - Conbit representative, able to communicate with all client levels</span></li><li><span>Team Player</span></li><li><span>Able to work under pressure</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mammoet provides tailor made heavy lifting and transportation solution. Mammoet has the largest heavy lift fleet of cranes worldwide, with over 5000 employees that have extensive expertise in the specialized fields of heavy lifting, sea and land transportation, supply of cranes and other lifting devices, engineering and project management.</p><p>Conbit is part of Mammoet. For more than 20 years, Conbit has been serving industries in the fields of onshore and offshore oil and gas, offshore wind, decommissioning and petrochemicals. We are specialised in special lifting, and our business focus is on lifting projects, lifting equipment, towers and stacks, and integrated projects. We utilise our experience, knowledge and creative thinking to come up with the best solutions that not only meet customer demands but also conform to applicable codes and safety standards.</p><p>We aim to maintain long-term business relationships, and we therefore put great effort into close cooperation with our clients.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supervisor-offshore-projects-4586736?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4586736&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 