---
title: "Mamee-Double Decker (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Manager, Human Capital" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-24 
excerpt: "Mamee-Double Decker (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Manager, Human Capital which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mamee-Double Decker (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Manager, Human Capital</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Handle full spectrum of Human Capital (&#8220;HC&#8221;) related matters; including but not limited to recruitment and selection, foreign labour application and management, expatriate management, industrial relations, employee relations, payroll processing, daily HC operation as well as office admin matters. Lead the junior HC personnel on HC and office admin related matters.</p><p>Duties &amp; Responsibilities:-</p><ul><li>To plan and drive the recruitment and selection through various channels and to monitor the progression to ensure that the Company is operating under adequate and effective manpower; for both local and foreign labour recruitment.</li><li>To drive and participate in human capital projects/activities, company-wide projects/initiatives and make recommendations and suggestion for improvement.</li><li>To ensure timely and accurate payroll processing and payout.</li><li>To prepare annual manpower and financial budgeting for the review and approval of Management.</li><li>To execute and monitor the annual performance appraisal, bonus and salary review exercise.</li><li>To handle staff disciplinary and grievances issues and provide basic counselling to employees who have performance and/or disciplinary related obstacles.</li><li>To ensure legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements; such as conducting investigation, maintaining records and representing the Company at hearings.</li><li>To ensure all daily HC operational issues/matters are handled and solved in accordance and compliance with the Company&#8217;s HC Policies &amp; Procedures.</li><li>To manage and execute HC activities including but not limited to performance evaluation, organization development, manpower review, employee communication and relations and etc, through proper communication and collaboration with other line departments.</li><li>To act as a strategic business partner by playing an advisory role to the HODs and Senior Management.</li><li>To handle office admin related matters.</li><li>To perform ad hoc tasks assigned by superior from time to time.</li></ul><p>Job Requirements:-</p><ul><li>Minimum Diploma / Degree in Human Resources Management, Business Administration, Management or any related discipline.</li><li>At least 5 years of experience in related field.</li><li>Preferably Assistant HR Manager with manufacturing and foreign labour experience.</li><li>Language(s) Required: English &amp; Malay</li><li><span>Must have knowledge of Microsoft Office; MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint and MS Outlook.</span></li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Able to work under minimum supervision, takes initiatives and able to work under pressure.</li><li>Ability to deal with problematic and/or difficult people and/or situations.</li><li>Must be honest and high ethics.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Since its establishment, Mamee-Double Decker Group has become one of the leading FMCG companies in Malaysia and the first largest local food and beverages manufacturing company in the country to be awarded &#8220;Malaysia Top 30 most Valuable Brands&#8221; (MMVB-2007).&#160;The Company manufactures and markets its own brand of instant noodles, snacks, chilled and bottled drinks under the brand of Mamee, Mister Potato, Nutrigen, LiteYo, Cheers and many more for both local and overseas market.&#160;</p><p>The strength and trust in the Mamee brand which is synonymous with quality and affordability can be attributed to the 2,200 dedicated and professionally equipped staff, which draws on their vast experience and knowledge in their respective field of work to deliver customer satisfaction. This is further enhanced by the innovative ideas of the Management, who continuously strive to be ahead of the curve in keeping up with the latest in food technologies.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-manager-human-capital-4596934?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596934&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 