---
title: "Omega Integration Sdn Bhd Vacancies ENGINEER - MANAGER, PROJECT & SYSTEM DESIGN (JB & KL)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-30 
excerpt: "Omega Integration Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ENGINEER - MANAGER, PROJECT & SYSTEM DESIGN (JB & KL) which based in Johor, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Johor, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Omega Integration Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ENGINEER - MANAGER, PROJECT & SYSTEM DESIGN (JB & KL)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To manage and execute the projects to be cost effective, timely delivery, quality standards and meets client expectation.&#160;Candidate with vast years of experiences and proven track record can be consider for senior position.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Review BOM from sales team, checking all the design specification, requirement, rules and regulations.</li><li>Attend project kick-off meeting and clarify project issues.</li><li>Clarification with supplier. RFQ and confirm on technical design.</li><li>Support project leader to clarify issues and inquiries by client.</li><li>Prepare engineering design documentation and drawing according to Omega VDRL.</li><li>Meeting with vendor / supplier to clarify technical issues within 1 meeting.</li><li>Source for new vendor / supplier to meet product requirement.</li><li>Assist Procurement and QESH to fill in AVL form by new vendor, response time within 1 week.</li><li>Prepare &#8216;Purchase Request&#8217; to purchase from supplier within 1 day after document approval</li><li>Follow up with Procurement Team on the ETA of the equipment.</li><li>Inspect incoming items and confirm tally to Purchase Order, and in good condition.</li><li>Equipment withdrawal and hand over to assembly team to start with assembly process.</li><li>Follow up with assembly team during assembly process.</li><li>FAT setup in FAT room.</li><li>Liaise with QEHS team for IAT arrangement.</li><li>FAT with client and end user with successful completion.</li><li>Packing and delivery preparation.</li><li>Provide technical support for service team during commissioning.</li><li>Conduct testing and commissioning at customer&#8217;s site.</li><li>Revise documents and drawings according to mark-up by service engineer.</li><li>Prepare Vendor Data Book for handover to client / end user.</li><li>Any other duties assigned by immediate superior.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>Requirements:</strong>Possess a degree in Telecommunications/Electronics/Electrical or Computer Engineering.</li><li>A minimum 2 years of experience in the Marine/Offshore /Oil and Gas industry.</li><li>More than 3 years of related working experience in Design and Testing in Telecommunication Systems, preferably for Offshore Marine / Oil and Gas industries</li><li>Good Knowledge on one or two of the following: telecommunication/ fire and gas detection and public announcement systems, navigation systems.</li><li>Willing to travel and staying overseas</li><li>Able to work independently and meet schedules.</li><li>Proficient in 3 of following systems: PAGA, Page Party, CCTV, LAN, Meteorological, Radar, Access Control System etc.</li><li>Mature, organized, meticulous, task-oriented, able to handle task independently</li><li>A good team player and able to communicate well in&#160;English (both written &amp; spoken)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Omega Integration is a well-established company providing comprehensive one-stop solutions of telecommunication, fire &amp; gas detection systems and services to the petrochemical, power plants, marine, oil &amp; gas industries. Our solutions and services range from systems design, consultation, configuration and engineering, through installation, integration and implementation, to commissioning, field service and on-going maintenance throughout the region. In line with our expansion plans, we are seeking talented and committed individuals to join us.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineer-manager-project-system-design-jb-kl-4553518?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4553518&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 