---
title: "Eternal Materials (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Process Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: "Eternal Materials (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Engineer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Eternal Materials (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirement :</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Engineering (Chemical) or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 2 Year of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Engineering - Chemical or equivalent.</li><li>Eternal Materials (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd is a petrochemical based industry.</li><li>Candidate must be passionate to be an Engineer and show strong attributes such as attention to details, highly organized and have a good fundamental in engineering skills.</li><li><strong>Willing to work in shift and cooperate with company requirement.</strong></li></ul><p>Job Scope:</p><ul><li>Enhancing the operational performance of the plan by applying engineering solutions to optimize plant up-time and quality performance.</li><li>New production project evaluation, planning, implementing and testing</li><li>Assist in maintenance for current production equipment and piping</li><li>Assist in production, collect, analysis and set-up operational parameter data</li><li>Assist in production operation, troubleshooting and improvement, follow up and provide support for abnormal cases</li><li>Assist in new product transfer, trial manufacturing and production</li><li>Supervise operator job progress</li><li>Any other works requested by supervisors</li><li>Assist in management of production, executing the production plan, to ensure safety at production area.</li><li>Assist operators and shift leaders in solving problems during production, and provide corrective action and preventive action for those abnormal conditions.</li><li>Collect, analyze and evaluate data collected during the production if it is required.</li><li>Set up and manage the Standard Operational Procedure (SOP) and Working Instructions (WI).</li><li>Evaluate, plan and execute projects to improve the safety and working condition at site.</li><li>Set up and manage the Distributed Control System (DCS) &#8211; Delta V.</li><li>Plan and evaluate the specification of equipment and manage the P&amp;IDs.</li><li>Execute and manage tasks related to ISO Quality and Environmental Management.</li><li>Conduct works requested by supervisors.</li><li>Follow the rules and regulations set by Safety, Health and Environment Department.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Eternal is an international corporation that has focused on the technical development and customer service in field of resins, electronic chemical materials and specialty chemicals.</div>
<div>The head quarter is located in Kaohsiung city, Taiwan, and governs product divisions and project groups in Taiwan and overseas subsidiaries in China, U.S.A. and Thailand.</div>
<div>The major ground for Eternal's constant growth is research and innovation. With the beliefs of &#8220;production quality, solid reputation, innovation and service&#8221;, we have been dedicating our efforts to technological development and promotion, with greater quality production, to carry out the principle of sustainable growth and techniques for continually offering benefits to the public.</div>
<div>With the operating goal of Eternal: "plan for the future, and build the global brand", we take a broad view in the more capacious international field, and attempt, with our hard plowing in the global point market, to prove ourselves to be a global-brand supplier of electronics industry-specific chemical materials.</div>
<div>Facing the future, Eternal seeks constant self-evaluation and growth. We believe we are well prepared to stand firm and confront the challenges ahead despite the intense competition, to create another high peak in our continual growth.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-engineer-4548990?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548990&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 