---
title: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Computer System Validation Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-04 
excerpt: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Computer System Validation Specialist which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Computer System Validation Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>&#9679; Gathers Business Requirements and prepares<strong> FDA compliant</strong> documents based on those requirements.<br>&#9679; Interacts with the business community and customers to understand business processes and define tools can be leveraged to optimize the business process.<br>&#9679; Ensures team members are provided with timely and accurate project information and status updates.<br>&#9679; Ensure all systems are running in compliance with company and site policies.<br>&#9679; Plan, Analyse and&#160; document tests for Manufacturing Execution Systems and other site systems in compliance with <strong>FDA regulations.</strong><br>&#9679; Lead application validation.<br>&#9679; Manage adjustments or improvements to equipment and processes.<br>&#9679; Lead risk analysis to identify system and process controls.<br>&#9679; Assessment of changes and impact on validated systems</div><div>&#9679; Ability to Identify, gather, analyse and properly document system requirements.<br>&#9679; Capable of ensuring that documents plus practices attain quality standards and applicable regulatory conformance.<br>&#9679; Capable of performing risk analysis using tools such as <strong>FMEA</strong>&#160;<br>&#9679; Capable of implementing software validation engineering test plans, test cases/scripts.<br>&#9679; Ability to propose solutions and collaborate in software validation procedures and processes.<br>&#9679; Proven skills on implementation of computerized system validation projects with 3 years in developing computerized system validation plan and protocols.<br>&#9679; Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work through technical issues with customers both remotely and in person.<br>&#9679; In-depth knowledge of object oriented languages<strong> (Java, C++) </strong>and or good knowledge of scripting languages <strong>(Visual Basic, VB Script, JavaScript, HTML, Perl)</strong> and relational Data Bases and SQL.<br>&#9679; Ability to analyze and understand business requirements and to design solution specifications.<br>&#9679; This position requires a high energy level and a passion for excellence.<br>&#9679; Very good command of written &amp; spoken English.<br>&#9679; Proven skills in projects management.<br>&#9679; Organization and time management with little overall supervision.<br>&#9679; Excellent technical knowledge in specialized domains.<br>&#9679; Knowledge of development in an Windows Client/Server Platform or Unix Client/Server Platform</div><div><strong>Job Requirements :</strong></div><div>&#9679; Bachelor degree in computer software, industrial, mechanical engineering or electrical engineering.<br>&#9679; Training in <strong>validation methodologies, technologies and process control computer systems.</strong></div><div>&#9679; <strong>3 - 5 years of IT computer validation </strong>with experience in <strong>medical device manufacturing operation.</strong><br>&#9679; Experience in a regulated environment with in depth knowledge and experience with <strong>cGMPs/GLPs/GAMP </strong>regulations related to medical device manufacturing systems, CFR Part 820, 210, 211, 21 CFR Part 11, ISO 13485, ISO 14971.</div><div>&#9679; Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data.<br>&#9679; Repetitive manual movements (e.g., data entry, using a computer mouse, using a calculator, etc.) are frequently required.<br>&#9679; Occasional overnight travel is required.</div><div>&#9679; Applicants must be willing to work in<strong> Senai</strong>,Johor.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Business changes quickly. We're looking for people who know how to stay ahead.</strong></div>
<div>
	At <strong>Celestica</strong>, we're dedicated to understanding the challenges our customers face. Our talented global team responds to these challenges with innovative technology and manufacturing solutions for the world's leading electronics companies.</div>
<div>
	From design and assembly, through to fulfillment and end-of-life services, we deliver end-to-end product lifecycle solutions that drive our customers' success in the markets they serve.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/computer-system-validation-specialist-4455188?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455188&sectionRank=11&token=0~014f37b6-0e45-4290-983e-01224b8c1d80&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 