---
title: "Weststar International Ventures Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Business Executive to CEO" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-14 
excerpt: "Weststar International Ventures Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Executive to CEO which based in Johor, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Weststar International Ventures Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Executive to CEO</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Manage business valuations, assessment for new business ventures, and shareholder value analysis for M&amp;A.</li><li>Managed due diligence exercise involving various teams and multiple stakeholders.</li><li>Actively involved in negotiation of definitive agreements for transactions.</li><li>Actively involved in deal structuring.&#160;</li><li>Involve in project and stakeholder management, may involve large team and senior management and counterparties.</li><li>Involve in reporting and portfolio management.&#160;</li><li>Analyse and develop a periodic management reporting framework which captures progress updates and financial performance.</li><li>Able to do business valuations for financial reporting.</li><li>Must be able to do market entry study for new business ventures.</li><li>Experience in analysis of financial performance, analysis of comparable companies and transactions.</li><li>Issue communication and statement for CEO.</li><li>All other duties given by the CEO.</li></ul><p><strong>Academic qualifications &amp;&#160;professional certificates</strong></p><p><strong>Essential&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong><em>:</em></p><p>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Business or Finance</p><p><strong>Preferred :</strong><em></em></p><p>Bachelors and Master&#8217;s Degree in Finance, Business or related fields</p><p><strong>Knowledge &amp; skills required&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></p><p><strong>General&#160;</strong></p><p>Understanding the Business &amp; talent management, Planning, Presentation</p><p>and people management</p><p>Knowledge of Bursa</p><p>Legal background would an advantage</p><p><strong>Technical&#160;</strong></p><p>Market Research, Project Management Skills.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Weststar International Ventures is the international operation arm of Weststar Aviation Group. Serving some of the major oil and gas industry players, our fleet of state-of-the-art helicopters transport personnel to offshore production platforms and drilling rigs with the highest levels of safety, performance, and service.&#160;&#160;</p><p>With a growing fleet of modern helicopters and technical expertise, Weststar International Ventures brings about comprehensive helicopter services to the industry and is well-positioned for the future. For more information, please visit&#160;www.weststar-aviation.aero.&#160;</p><p>Vision</p><p>The preferred choice to fly safely offshore and anywhere.</p><p>Mission</p><p>Provide global aviation transportation services to Oil &amp; Gas and other industries.</p><p>Provide the highest standard of engineering, flight safety and reliable operation.</p><p>Comply with the national airworthiness, OGP and other applicable Regulatory Standard.</p><p>Provide personalized and efficient services by adopting sound planning and processes.</p><p>Utilize the state of the art aircraft, systems and equipments.</p><p>Ensure sustainable business utilizing best business practice, cutting edge technology and efficient resource management. Focused and responsive to customer's needs.</p><p>Recognize our employees as our valuable asset and stakeholder.</p><p>Cultivate a competent, committed and dedicated human capital resource.</p><p>Embrace accountability, transparency and integrity as our core values in our code os business conduct.</p><p>Engage in good corporate citizen culture towards the nation's economic and social development needs.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-executive-to-ceo-4589968?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4589968&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 