---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 人力资源经理" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-26 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 人力资源经理 which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 人力资源经理</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>HR MANAGER</strong></p><p>Senai, Johor</p><p>HR Manager monitors and adjusts organisational activities to ensure the success of various initiatives. And, the HR Manager contributes to the organisation by managing the most important asset, the people who complete the daily tasks that result in productive outcomes. HR Manager&#8217;s work aids in the global success of the organisation.</p><p><strong>What does a HR Manager</strong> <strong>job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the achievement of the organisation&#8217;s mandate by providing advice and guidance to team leaders on all issues that affecting human resources management.</li><li>Promote a positive workplace culture.</li><li>Lead the HR team in achieving established goals and promote working together as a team &amp; ensure a safe and healthy work environment for all employees.</li><li>Oversee processes related to employee recruitment, retention, and satisfaction.</li><li>Oversee salary, benefit and pension administration, ensuring a competitive total compensation package for Company employees.</li><li>Budgetary control in overhead cost.</li></ul><p><strong>Key skills and qualifications of a HR Manager:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Human Resources Management or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position and specialised in logistics/transportation industry is an added advantage</li><li>An excellent knowledge in labor law, statutory requirement and HR best practices.</li><li>Excellent communication skill, spoken and written in English, Bahasa Melayu and Mandarin.</li><li>Provide ongoing training to team</li><li>Excellent active listening, negotiation and presentation skills</li><li>Excel in leadership, to lead the team and align with Company&#8217;s direction.</li><li>Adept with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc.)</li><li>Possess own transport (motorcar).</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-manager-人力资源经理-4492802?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4492802&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 