---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan GMP (M)  Sdn Bhd Vacancies Logistics Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-21 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan GMP (M)  Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistics Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan GMP (M)  Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistics Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Oversee the day to day operations of the air and sea freight arrangement through the planning and directing of work flow, ensuring service expectations of customers and the company are met while ensuring that all Malaysia customs procedures and legislative requirements are complied with at all times.</li><li>Ensure customer retention and acquisition is maintained while also growing revenues.</li><li>Manage customer expectations in terms of operation flow, shipment dispute, documentation and related KPIs in a timely manner.</li><li>Ensure that the forwarding and dispatch of goods and any other requirements are achieved within agreed specific client service standards.</li><li>Monitor job files/ KPIs/ reports/ operation dept/ dept productivity.</li><li>Liaise with regulatory bodies to develop positive working relationships to ensure compliance and to limit unnecessary delays due to inadequate processes and non-compliance issues.</li><li>Map and understand department process flow, constantly looking for areas of improved efficiency to offer customers better cycle times and service as well as controlling costs.</li><li>Ensure all customers standard operating procedures (SOP) are documented and kept up to date in the Desk Level Standard Operating Procedures database.</li><li>Work to be our Service Providers lowest cost customer through electronic booking, shipper built units, and other creative local market solutions to lower overall cost for both parties.</li><li>Evaluate vendors at defined intervals per company policy, focusing on areas of possible improvement with corrective action plans where needed.</li><li>Regularly read and review business and trade journals and attend industry events to further market and industry knowledge.</li></ul><div><strong>Finance Management</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure that the C1 accurately reflects current status/ profitability of all jobs in relation to specific area of responsibility.</li><li>To ensure that self and all team members comply with company delegated authorities and all finance related policies.</li><li>To action all financial related queries immediately and ensure meaningful resolutions to queries..</li><li>Maximize sea and air freight gross profit at all times by checking vendor cost, buying rate and selling rate.</li><li>To ensure that all rate increases/increments are implemented accurately and on time.</li><li>Information about rates, increments and relating information is communicated to customers and employees in a timely fashion.</li><li>To ensure the accurate issuing and timely mailing of invoices in accordance with negotiated rates and company procedures.</li><li>Process import/export Sea and Air Freight profit share.</li><li>Assist Branch Manager with preparation of annual department budget</li><li>Ensure company credit procedures are followed and utilized effectively.</li><li>Manage accounts payable to Service Providers (airlines, truckers etc).</li><li>Manage intercompany accounting discrepancies.</li><li>Ensure any contracts, vendor, customer or other, are reviewed in accordance to company contract policies prior to being signed.</li><li>Monitor CASH accounts to ensure payment prior to departure or job execution.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum Bachelor's Degree in any field or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 years' of managerial working experience in transportation or freight forwarding industry.</li><li>Must be willing to based in Johor.</li><li>Proficient in Mcrosoft Office Suite (Excel Pivoting).</li><li>Hand on experience in the whole entire operations &amp; leadership.</li><li>Knowledgable in Government Regulations, Geography, SOP, Incoterms, Wintouch System, Credit Policy, AR, GL, Financial Expectation of Department, Foreign Currency, Dealing with Exhange Rates.</li><li>Good command in English.</li></ul><div><strong>Benefits</strong></div><ul><li>13 months contractual bonus</li><li>Quaterly Incentive</li><li>Quaterly MC &amp; EL allowance</li><li>Annual Performance Bonus</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		The Global Manpower Professionals (GMP) Group, founded in 1991, began as a recruitment company in Singapore offering job placements for technical personnel in manufacturing-based firms. Since then, the group has progressed to become a regional human capital solutions provider across all industries.</div>
<div>
		Today, GMP has regional offices in Malaysia and has&#160; established ties with several associate companies in countries such as Philippines, United Kingdom, and the United States of America. The group&#8217;s extensive network and comprehensive services have, once again, reaffirmed GMP&#8217;s role as one of the most dynamic staffing professionals in the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistics-manager-4466469?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4466469&sectionRank=18&token=0~2a37671a-a5e2-47b1-b754-f82d8a41a795&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 