---
title: "Rapiscan Systems Sdn Bhd Vacancies Customs and Trade Compliance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-07 
excerpt: "Rapiscan Systems Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customs and Trade Compliance Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Rapiscan Systems Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customs and Trade Compliance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Malaysia Export Compliance and Operations Administrator is responsible for ensuring Rapiscan Malaysia remains compliant to the Malaysia Strategic Act, Malaysia export requirements, and U.S. Export requirements applicable to Malaysian exports.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responsible for managing Customs Compliance and Strategic Trade Act program in Malaysia.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responsible for managing Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) &amp; LMW</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responsible for audit and record keeping program for import/exports activities in Malaysia.</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responsible for screening and record keeping of End Use Statements for procurement of strategic/controlled items.</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Participate in Continuous Improvement Activities in relation to Customs and Trade Compliance.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interface with customers, government agencies, advisors and other third parties on trade compliance issues.</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Conduct audits to ensure compliance with export regulations.</p><p>9.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Additional duties as assigned by Management.</p><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Bachelor&#8217;s degree or Diploma/ Professional Certificate in relevant field of study.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Possess Customs knowledge/Trade Compliance experiences in Logistics, Supply Chain or Shipping will be an added advantage, and encouraged to apply.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Experience in dealing with Government Authorities &#8211; ie : Customs, MITI, MDTCC, MOF, SIRIM and etc, are an added advantage.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Requires a strong background in the ability to understand, interpret, and maintain compliance with federal and foreign regulations governing the shipment movements and related documentation.</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Must have experience in developing and managing activities related to import/export compliance and licensing in support of international business development activities.</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Highly organized and adaptable a dynamic working environment. Commitment to high integrity and professionalism in business conduct.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must have discipline, teamwork spirit &amp; passion in learning in-depth of the subject topic.</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Capable of critical &amp; analytical thinking and problem-solving skills set is essential for the job.</p><p>9.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Possess MS Office Skills specifically in Word, Excel, PowerPoint to perform formal official correspondence, manage reports &amp; training materials.</p><p>10.&#160;&#160;&#160;Verbal and Written Communication in English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia capabilities are essential.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Since 1993, Rapiscan Systems has installed over 70,000 products in more than 100 countries. From baggage and parcel inspection systems and metal detectors, to automated explosive detection systems, air cargo screening solutions and container inspection systems, our expansive product portfolio and professional, knowledgeable consultants will help find the perfect security solution for your needs. Our systems are in use at airports, government and corporate buildings, correctional and prison facilities, postal facilities, military zones, sea ports and border crossings. The technologies utilized in the systems range from X-ray and Gamma-ray imaging to advanced threat identification techniques such as neutron and diffraction analysis.<br>
<br>
Rapiscan Systems, a wholly-owned subsidiary of OSI Systems (NASDAQ:OSIS), is headquartered in Hawthorne, California and has additional offices and manufacturing in Finland, India, Malaysia, Singapore, United Kingdom and the United States. For more information about these facilities and our capabilities please visit Our Company Website.<br>
www.rapiscansystems.com<br>
www.osi-systems.com</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customs-and-trade-compliance-executive-4583143?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4583143&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 