---
title: "CRISPLANT (M) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Service Engineer (Mechanical)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "CRISPLANT (M) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Service Engineer (Mechanical) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CRISPLANT (M) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Service Engineer (Mechanical)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Possess a bachelor&#8217;s degree in </span>Engineering Mechanical or Electrical.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li><span>Excellent problem solving and communication skills, be able to work alone with efficient approaches and initiatives.</span></li><li><span>Evidence of accountability in terms of procedures and report writing skills.</span></li><li><strong>ADVANTAGE</strong><span> will be given to candidates who are multi-skilled service engineer with extensive knowledge in electrical and mechanical fault finding.</span></li><li><span>Possess communication skills to interact with people all levels.</span></li><li><span>Good command of both spoken and written in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</span></li><li><span>Computer literate.</span></li><li>Work location will be in Pasir Gudang or anywhere in Malaysia.</li><li>Willing to relocate.</li><li>Working hours (Monday to Saturday) (8 hours/day- shift basis).</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Engineering</li></ul><p><strong>Job Descriptions:</strong></p><ul><li>Plans, organizes, supervises the maintenance activities of Plant equipment/ system including daily report, KC Serviceshare or any other software/ ERP updating and spare parts management.</li><li>Evaluate, analyse and compile data from site personnel, CDAS, plant operators etc and came out with summarized report for submission.</li><li>As a focal person for Service Contract by communicate/reporting to HQ Management on any related matters.</li><li>Coordinates, assigns, directs on daily, weekly, monthly and yearly schedules maintenance plan base on service team feedback.</li><li>Establishes job priorities and time frames for Maintenance Team.</li><li>Monitors completion of job assignments through frequent field observation and inspections to ensure maintenance team to fulfil the instructions.</li><li>Maintains appropriate documentations of maintenance schedules, spare parts and other operating reports for current or future reference.</li><li>Response professionally to customer feedback including questions, concerns and complaints from customers.</li><li>Manage maintenance budget including working hours and part expenses.</li><li>Create and getting approval for parts replacement from plant Management and follow up with claims and invoicing process (from HQ).</li><li>Perform other related tasks and duties as assigned by the Management</li><li>Carries out all the maintenance/ troubleshooting/ installations/&#160;commissioning / calibration etc related to service/ maintenance jobs on site.</li><li>Prepares report for the jobs carried out and submit to the customer to get their acknowledgement</li><li>Attends training on equipment of Makeen Energy and imparts training to the staff associated with that project/ site.</li><li>Respond to the customer within the shortest time of availability by phone/ email/ on site.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Crisplant (M) Sdn Bhd is a project-oriented corporation that supplies equipment, plants and systems for filling and maintenance of LP gas cylinders and offers after-sales and engineering services, facility management, and supply of components for the gas industry in Malaysia and Asia Pacific Region.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/service-engineer-mechanical-4576987?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4576987&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 