---
title: "Manulife Investment Management (M) Berhad Vacancies Branch Executive (Contract)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "Manulife Investment Management (M) Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Branch Executive (Contract) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Manulife Investment Management (M) Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Branch Executive (Contract)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Are you looking for unlimited opportunities to develop and succeed? With work that challenges and makes a difference, within a flexible and supportive environment, we can help our customers achieve their dreams and aspirations.</strong></div><div><strong>The Opportunity</strong><div>The customer is the focus of everything we do, and millions of end users rely on our products daily. We believe in the value of empowering the Branch Executive with the resources to solve critical problems for the future of our business, which is why we need you.</div><div><strong>What motivates you?</strong></div><ul><li>You obsess about customers, listen, engage and act for their benefit</li><li>You think big, with curiosity to discover ways to use your agile mindset and enable business outcomes</li><li>You thrive in teams, and enjoy getting things done together</li><li>You take ownership and build solutions, focusing on what matters</li><li>You do what is right, work with integrity and speak up</li><li>You share your humanity, helping us build a diverse and inclusive work environment for everyone</li></ul><div><strong>We are looking for someone with:</strong></div><ul><li>Availability for a duration of 4 months as this is a contractual role</li><li>Flexibility and able to work in the Branch Office</li><li>3 years of working experience in a business development, marketing, distribution, or sales in insurance, unit trust or banking environment</li><li>Excellent interpersonal, communication and networking skills, with a demonstrable track record in sales/marketing/business development</li><li>Self-motivated, team-oriented and dynamic working attitude</li><li>Good organizing and presentation skill</li></ul><strong>On the job you will:</strong><ul><li>Organize recruitment seminar, recruitment activities and sales seminar to increase productivity</li><li>Organize road-show for new product launching and awareness campaign</li><li>Monitor sales and recruitment performance</li><li>Plan and conduct training for the agency force, such as CUTE, SC AMLA, new fund briefing</li><li>Support Region Sales Head in other business development related matters as required</li><li>Support the agency administration in the area of activation of agent</li><li>Drive sales in accordance to the targets assigned</li></ul><strong>Our commitment to you:</strong><ul><li>Our mission; to be a part of making Decisions Easier and Lives Better</li><li>A leadership team dedicated to your growth and success</li><li>A bold ambition and set of goals to be a leader in driving transformation in our industry</li><li>Our best. Every day.</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>About Manulife</strong></div><div><strong>Manulife Financial Corporation is a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance, as well as wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. At the end of 2017, we had about 35,000 employees, 73,000 agents, and thousands of distribution partners, serving more than 26 million customers. As of March 31, 2018, we had over $1.1 trillion (US$850 billion) in assets under management and administration, and in the previous 12 months we made $26.9 billion in payments to our customers. Our principal operations are in Asia, Canada and the United States where we have served customers for more than 100 years. With our global headquarters in Toronto, Canada, we trade as 'MFC' on the Toronto, New York, and the Philippine stock exchanges and under '945' in Hong Kong.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	About Manulife Investment Management<br>
	&#160;</div>
<div>
	Manulife Investment Management is the global wealth and asset management segment of Manulife Financial Corporation. We draw on more than 150 years of financial stewardship to partner with clients across our institutional, retail, and retirement businesses globally. Our specialist approach to money management includes the highly differentiated strategies of our fixed-income, specialized equity, multi- asset solutions, and private markets teams&#8212;along with access to specialized, unaffiliated asset managers from around the world through our multimanager model. Our personalized, data-driven approach to retirement is focused on delivering financial wellness in retirement plans of all sizes to help plan participants and members retire with dignity.<br>
	&#160;</div>
<div>
	Headquartered in Toronto, we operate as Manulife Investment Management throughout the world, with the exception of the United States, where the retail and retirement businesses operate as John Hancock Investment Management and John Hancock, respectively; and in Asia and Canada, where the retirement business operates as Manulife. Manulife Investment Management had $837 billion in assets under management and administration as of March 31, 2019.<br>
	&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/branch-executive-contract-4566513?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566513&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 