---
title: "INFIN8 SDN. BHD. Vacancies Project Manager - Software/Technology (WFH + Mentorship)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "INFIN8 SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Manager - Software/Technology (WFH + Mentorship) which based in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Johor, Penang, Sabah, Sarawak, Melaka" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Johor, Penang, Sabah, Sarawak, Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>INFIN8 SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Manager - Software/Technology (WFH + Mentorship)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We work with international clients to help them transform their businesses through the strategic use of technology. Operating at the intersection of business and technology, our in-house execution team of consultants and developers help solve difficult problems across a range of industries using tools such as big data and machine learning.</p><p>We are a small but growing and agile team that values a flexible work schedule as long as shit gets done and we also strive to foster a culture of excellence and strongly believe in creating opportunities for our team develop and grow.</p><p>As the project manager on our team you will work closely with our development team to manage and deliver projects while being guided by experienced partners. You have a broad skillset and love solving difficult problems while working in a team setting. Figuring out new technologies and applying them excites you. Successfully working together with a team to deliver a project on time is what drives you. Learning is also very important to you and mentorship will be provided by our ex-BCG founder to help you advance in your career.</p><p>Due to COVID, our entire team has been working from home since early last, and the role is currently on a work from home basis.</p><p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p><ul><li>1+ years experience in one or more of the following:</li></ul><ol><li>Project management</li><li>Experience managing a technical or engineering team</li><li>Strategy consulting or similar</li><li>Technical project management</li><li>Internal strategy</li></ol><ul><li>Strong fresh graduates with a degree in software or computer science and a keen interest in project management will be considered</li><li>Strong logical reasoning ability</li><li>Strong understanding of technology</li><li>Experience working closely with and being accountable to senior management</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills including storyboarding presentations</li><li>Strong sense of intellectual curiosity and desire to learn new skills</li><li>Exemplary attention to detail</li><li>Excellent communication, leadership and teamwork skills</li><li>Highly motivated and passionate about your work, a self starter</li><li>Outstanding problem solving and analysis skills</li></ul><p><strong>Love to have:</strong></p><ul><li>Technical project management</li><li>JIRA and Confluence experience</li><li>Scrum, agile experience or qualifications</li></ul><p><strong>We offer:</strong></p><ul><li>Flexible work schedule (swap weekday for a weekend? spend a week in your hometown working remotely?)</li><li>Long term career development support including sponsored training courses or conferences</li><li>Hospital insurance</li><li>Outpatient medical benefit</li><li>Mental wellness benefit</li><li>Mentorship from experienced developers</li><li>Opportunity to learn and work on new tools and technologies</li><li>Activities with the team like meals together and more</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We work with international clients to help them transform their businesses through the strategic use of technology. Examples of problems we have worked on include understanding and predicting consumer behaviour, and developing innovative customer interaction experiences. We are a small and agile team that values a flexible work schedule as long as shit gets done. We also strive to foster a culture of engineering excellence and strongly believe in creating opportunities for our team develop and grow.</p><p>The company is profitable without any VC funding, allowing us to chart our own path and realise our long term vision. We also have super supportive clients that understand and value the work we do and have bought into our long term product roadmap. The founder has an engineering and consulting background with many years of technical and commercial experience. We are also an MSC status company.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Johor, Penang, Sabah, Sarawak, Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-manager-software-technology-wfh-mentorship-4547451?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4547451&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 