---
title: "Air Liquide Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Accountant (Senai, Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "Air Liquide Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Accountant (Senai, Johor) which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Air Liquide Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Accountant (Senai, Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Air Liquide Malaysia</strong></p><p>Air Liquide began operations in Malaysia in 1927 and is one of the pioneers of the gas industry in Malaysia. Operating in 11 locations in Malaysia, comprising both sales offices and production facilities, Air Liquide supports our customers through providing innovative solutions at every step of their production, including industrial and specialty gases, energy solutions, application technologies and services.</p><p>With a strong workforce of 400 employees and business growth through our recent acquisition with nationwide presence, this will provide an exciting experience and journey with the opportunity that is unique yet challenging to gauge the integration and synergy processes that will change the entire competition landscape in Malaysia.</p><p><strong>About The Business Line</strong></p><p>https://www.airliquide.com/malaysia</p><p><strong>Work location:</strong> Senai, Johor</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Process data and produce Air Liquide's Southern Industries Gas financial/management reports on a monthly and quarterly basis (P&amp;L/Balance Sheet, Cash flow, consolidation, commentary and analysis) as per the requirements of the Air Liquide Group as well as in compliance with Accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations</li><li>Prepare a full set of accounts including Budget, Forecasting, Internal Control, Audit and Tax</li><li>Coordinate with internal and external auditors for annual audit</li><li>Preparation of yearly company tax, payroll tax, tax returns and any other tax requirement to ensure compliance with the appropriate legislation</li><li>Liaise with banks to setup credit card facility, update signatories, organise finance leases and other general company banking requirements</li><li>Standardise the procedures, policies, objectives and plans and identify process improvements to drive efficiency in financial reporting</li><li>Develop systems, workflows and appropriate internal controls with segregation of duties to ensure accurate financial information and mitigate risk of error or fraud.</li><li>Involvement in the Oracle &amp; Gideons system integration projects</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Accounting plus ACCA or CPA</li><li>7 years of working experience in manufacturing/commercial environment, with at least 3 years of audit working experience and lead team experience</li><li>Working experience using any ERP accounting system</li><li>Knowledge of Oracle/Hyperion will be an added advantage&#160;</li><li>Good interpersonal skills and able to communicate effectively across departments</li><li>Continuous improvement mindset</li><li>Demonstrate work commitment and have sense of urgency</li><li>The position will be based in Senai, Johor and reporting to the Finance Head in Kuala Lumpur office.</li></ul><p>**We thank you for your interest in Air Liquide. Interested applicants are encouraged to send in a detailed resume, including reason for leaving for past employment. Please be informed that only shortlisted candidates would be notified.**</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Air Liquide is a world leader in gases, technologies and services for industry and health. It is present in over 86 countries with over 50,000 employees. Oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen and rare gases have been at the core of Air Liquide's activities since its creation in 1902.</p><p>Air Liquide Malaysia was registered as an independent company in May 2007. Having said that, we are&#160;one of the pioneers in the gas industry in Malaysia through its earlier days as part of a joint venture company.&#160;Today, Air Liquide Malaysia is a wholly owned subsidiary of Air Liquide in France with presence in both East and West Malaysia comprising sales offices and production sites.</p><p>Air Liquide ideas create value over the long term. We anticipate the challenges of our markets, we trust our people, we invest locally and globally, and we deliver high-quality solutions.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/accountant-senai-johor-4510403?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510403&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 