---
title: "Meiban Energy Services Sdn Bhd Vacancies Customer Service  Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Meiban Energy Services Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service  Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Meiban Energy Services Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service  Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Company Background:</strong></p><p>Meiban Energy Services is an established design and manufacturer for Oil &amp; Gas Downhole/Completion components, with a proven track record for quality excellence. We hold valid certifications in API and ISO 9001:2008.</p><p><strong>The Role</strong></p><ul><li>Performs an effective order management from order-to-cash cycle, market return management and claims processes to meet agreed customer service levels.</li><li>Acts as a central contact point for customer support management pertaining to enquiries, customer purchase orders, deliveries, claims and invoices.</li><li>Understands customer needs and business processes needed to support customer requirements.</li><li>Leads the customer service team to meet customer delivery requirements.</li></ul><p><strong>Key Responsibilities </strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>Establishes productive, professional relationships with key personnel in assigned customer accounts.</li><li>Coordinates the involvement of company personnel, including support, service, and management resources, in order to meet account performance objectives and customers&#8217; expectations.</li><li>Meets assigned targets for profitable sales volume and strategic objectives in assigned accounts</li><li>Proactively leads a joint company-strategic account planning process that develops mutual performance objectives, financial targets, and critical milestones.</li><li>Proactively assesses, clarifies, and validates customer needs on an ongoing basis.</li><li>Leads solution development efforts that best address customer needs.</li><li>Achieves strategic customer objectives defined by company management.</li><li>Completes strategic customer account plans that meet company standards.</li><li>Maintains high customer satisfaction ratings that meet company standards.</li><li>Develops and executes plans to increase customer with existing customers.</li><li>Develops and executes plans to penetrate new customers.</li><li>Partners with relevant counterparts to ensure the scope and agreements of goods rendered are communicated accurately in a timely manner.</li><li>Acts as a contact point for customer enquiries such as pricing, product information, delivery tracking and order status.</li><li>Manages customer issues professionally by actively communicating status, investigation results and corrective actions to customer and ensures timely closure.</li><li>Captures market intelligence from daily interactions with customers. Develops and executes plans to address customer requirements</li><li>Implements an effective order and delivery management process</li><li>Supports billing and account receivables management. Resolves any discrepancies with customers.&#160;</li><li>Provides reports and analysis to relevant parties to make business decisions and take action on customers buying patterns to anticipate their needs.</li><li>Provides order status report and monitors customers' order placement versus sales forecast and takes action when needed in order to meet forecast.</li><li>&#160;Adheres to Site Safety, Health &amp; Environment (SHE) and Quality Management System (QMS) procedures and works towards the overall objectives of the Company.</li><li>Carries out any other duties as assigned by their superior as and when required.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills &amp; Experience</strong></p><ul><li>A minimum of a Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Engineering/Business Administration or equivalent.</li><li>&#160;At least 5 years of working experience in the Oil &amp; Gas industry.&#160;</li><li>Candidates from Oil &amp; Gas machining industries preferred.&#160;</li><li>Working knowledge of ERP/MES systems and MS Office tools.</li><li>Good English communication skills.</li><li>Strong customer orientated skills.</li><li>Experience in shipping and logistics.</li><li>Knowledge of customs and excise MITI application process of PCO (AFTA) is an added advantage.&#160;</li><li>Business minded with good problem-solving skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Meiban Energy Services Sdn Bhd is an established design and manufacturer for Oil &amp; Gas Downhole / Completion components, with a proven track record for quality excellence. We hold valid certifications in API and ISO 9001:2015. We are a subsidiary company of Meiban Group, incorporated in Singapore since 1986.&#160;The Group core business activities are mold making, injection molding, contract manufacturing, and machining for the oil and gas industry and it has 22 manufacturing facilities located in Singapore, Malaysia and China.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-executive-4602943?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4602943&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 