---
title: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) Vacancies Manager, Performance & Governance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Performance & Governance which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pengerang Refining & Petrochemical (PRefChem) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Performance & Governance</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB PUPPOSE</strong></div><div>A managerial position to spearhead Performance &amp; Governance under Petrochemical &amp; Supply Chain Management.&#160;Lead establishment of performance measurement standard for the department as well as third party service provider by reviewing end to end supply chain processes as well as changes in business and legislative requirement in order to develop relevant and effective Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Coordinate for timely and regular performance monitoring activities to ensure gap identification, implementation of required actions to close the gaps and implementation of continuous improvement initiatives in order to achieve safe, cost effective and efficient logistics operations.</div><div><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></div><div><strong>KPI development</strong><br>Develop, review and update challenging KPIs for both PLOSC department and third- party service provider to ensure performance are adequately measured to support business requirement.</div><br><strong>Establish and Maintain Supply Chain Procedures</strong><br>Work with multiple parties within the company to develop, review and update work processes and procedures that facilitate smooth integration amongst different parties in performing supply chain activities across value chain.<div><strong>Analyse lifting performance</strong><br>Analyse and identify issues within the supply chain activities by simulating different scenarios and propose appropriate improvements and solutions. Lead root cause analysis and monitor implementation of agreed corrective and preventive actions to eliminate and mitigate issues that will hinder achievement of department&#8217;s objectives.</div><div><strong>Monitor LLP&#8217;s Performance</strong><br>Manage and monitor third-party service provider&#8217;s performance by conducting regular&#160; Performance Review Meeting. Administer the Lead Logistics Provider&#8217;s (LLP) contract by proposing appropriate contracting strategy to ensure the company gains the best value from the contact. Also, process invoices for timely payment to the service provider.</div><div><strong>Produce Management Report</strong></div>Collate, compile and analyse logistics performance data from various sources to prepare monthly performance report for onwards submission to the management and also, as maybe required by interested parties. Maintain good database of all reports produced by the department.<div><strong>Gap Closure Implementation</strong><br>Conduct comprehensive review of all operational gaps with a view to propose and implement continuous improvement programs that will bring about safer and better efficiency logistics operations. Track and monitor all strategic initiatives to ensure completion within agreed timeline.</div><div><strong>Planning &amp; Budgeting</strong></div><div>Manage annual planning and budgeting process for the department by considering relevant operational and business challenges in order to put forward adequate budget amount necessary to support logistics operations as well as monitor budget utilization through monthly report.</div><div><strong>Customer Complaint</strong></div><div>Manage customer complaint related to logistics operations by verifying validity of the complaint, conduct thorough investigation within stipulated timeline and coordinate for closure to avoid recurrence in order to ensure customer satisfaction.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Pengerang Refining And Petrochemical (PRefChem) is a strategic alliance of two of the world&#8217;s largest and most successful national oil companies - Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), the national oil company of Malaysia, and Saudi Aramco, the national oil company of Saudi Arabia. Together, we form an equal partnership in two joint ventures, namely Pengerang Refining Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Refinery &amp; Cracker Sdn Bhd) and Pengerang Petrochemical Company Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as PRPC Polymers Sdn Bhd).</div>
<div>
		This smart partnership brings together secured resources, cutting edge technologies, a vast amount of experience, and commercial presence of two world-class companies in the operations of the refinery, cracker and selected petrochemical facilities in the Refinery And Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) Project which forms a significant part of the Pengerang Integrated Complex (PIC) in Malaysia&#8217;s southern state of Johor.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-performance-governance-4511295?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511295&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 