---
title: "SMJ Teratai Sdn Bhd Vacancies IT Project Management Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-24 
excerpt: "SMJ Teratai Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IT Project Management Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SMJ Teratai Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IT Project Management Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><span>Collation of user requirements and specifications on new system/ feature/ app, or enhancement to existing system/ feature/ app, prepare relevant documentations and communicate the requirements/ specifications to developers.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Liaison between developers and users in IT&#160;</span>projects in various stages which include but not limited to&#160;project&#160;initiation, planning, execution, testing and closure. Follow-up on the status of&#160;projects with users and/ or developers where necessary, and ensure that the&#160;projects could be completed within agreed timeline.<span>&#160;</span></li><li><span>To plan and coordinate and/ or conduct User Acceptance Test UAT, and ensure that there are sufficient resources allocated to the UAT and the UAT is able to achieve its objectives. Collate any feedbacks during UAT and communicate the feedbacks with developers.&#160;</span></li><li><span>To provide daily technical support on matters related to hardware, software and network, which may include but not limited to&#160;</span><span>desktop support, server management, networking,</span><span>&#160;firewall configuration and troubleshooting</span><span>&#160;and&#160;etc, to ensure smooth operation and optimum performance.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Serve as first line support on system and/ or app issues/ errors, and route/ direct the issues/ tickets to relevant teams/ developers for resolution. Track and follow up on the status of the issues/ tickets.&#160;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To assist in IT risk management, which may include but not limited to identify, assess and document the risks and controls, and recommend relevant control measures where applicable.&#160;&#160;&#160;</span></li><li><span>Ensure that&#160;</span><span>information security policies and procedures are being observed and enforced. This includes but not limited to ensuring that periodic system or server backup is performed successfully, performing data restoration/ recovery testing, ensuring that periodic server patching is performed, ensuring that firewall and antivirus installed are up-to-date and effective, reporting to the management/ HOD on any issues identified and etc.&#160;</span></li><li><span>To maintain current and accurate inventory of technology hardware, software, and resources.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Any other tasks,&#160;</span>projects or ad-hoc duties that may be assigned to you from time to time by the management.<span>&#160;</span></li></ul><p><span>Requirements:</span></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma / Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent.</li><li>Required language: English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>At least 2 Year(s) working experience of project management in the related field.</li><li>Familiarity with project management software tools, methodologies, and best practices.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Banking / Finance Services or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are one of the reputed money-transfer and exchange services in Malaysia and the only "Class A,B &amp; D" licensee in the Southern Region which is granted by the Central Bank.&#160;Todate, we have over 50 outlets nationwide.&#160;We are in the midst of expansion, thus we are looking for young and energetic candidates to join us as part of our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/it-project-management-executive-4598704?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4598704&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 