---
title: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd Vacancies PRODUCTION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-22 
excerpt: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PRODUCTION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kiswel Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PRODUCTION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Work scope</strong></div><ul><li><div>Safety first mindset &amp; enforcing safety requirements among the workforce.</div></li><li><div>Investigate &amp; prepare incident/accident reports including implementation of effective countermeasures.</div></li><li><div>Develop &amp; execute monthly production plan &amp; manage the day to day work activities ensuring the smooth running of production work producing quality products.</div></li><li><div>Provide good leadership to the workforce driving them in achieving company goals &amp; objectives.</div></li><li><div>Effective in managing &amp; controlling people including training, mentoring &amp; disciplining within the company&#8217;s guidelines &amp; expectations.</div></li><li><div>Experience in ISO 9000 QMS (Quality Management System) with the ability to developing &amp; improving procedures &amp; work processes including data collection for analysis.</div></li><li><div>Prepare &amp; submit a production report as required by the Department Head.</div></li><li><div>Willing to work on rotating shifts.</div></li><li><div>Knowledgeable in PLC will be an added advantage.</div></li><li><div>Knowledgeable in Mechanical &amp; Electrical systems &amp; has a keen sense in troubleshooting of production machines.</div></li><li><div>Quality control including quality non-conformity investigation &amp; implementing effective corrective actions.</div></li><li><div>Customer complains investigations &amp; writing analysis reports.</div></li></ul><div><strong>Skills Required</strong></div><ul><li>Good communication skills &amp; a team player with good ability in working with other people.</li><li>A penchant for hands-on experience &amp; troubleshooting of production equipment &amp; types of machinery.</li><li>Computer literacy, familiar with Microsoft Office such as Excel, Word &amp; PowerPoint.</li><li>Conversant with both English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Report writing in English.</li><li>Good analytical skills, able to see problems &amp; recommend sound solutions.</li><li>Good time-management skills.</li><li>Ability to read &amp; comply with departmental procedures, processes and work instructions.</li><li>Keen on continuous improvement.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>Physically fit, agile and able to work in a manufacturing environment.</li><li>Possesses good eyesight without color blindness.</li><li>Effective visual, aural, oral, tactile &amp; ambulatory abilities.</li><li>Medically fit without major health issues or chronic diseases.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Professional Certificate, Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree in <strong>Engineering (Electrical/Electronic).</strong></li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English. If can speak Mandarin will be more advantage</li><li><strong>At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the manufacturing field.</strong></li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Manufacturing/Production Operations or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	In the past 30 years, KISWEL LTD has forced its business as a manufacturer of welding consumables. We endeavored to develop and advance the foundation of the national welding consumables industry through localization. KISWEL SDN BHD located at Pasir Gudang, Johor was established in the year of 1997, with an advanced cutting-edge equipment and integrated automatic systems to maximize the manufacturing process and to meet the demanding quality requirements. Today, one can find KISWEL's "Elephant Brand" welding consumables in more than 90 countries in the world. KISWEL will always remember its founding principles of creativity, fortitude, confidence and compassion to strive for the future with a frontier's spirit of exploring the break of the new millennium. If you have the spirit &amp; looking for excellent career advancement opportunities, we would like to hear from you.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-engineer-executive-4513183?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4513183&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 