---
title: "Shattuck St. Mary's Forest City International School Vacancies Music Teacher" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-15 
excerpt: "Shattuck St. Mary's Forest City International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Music Teacher which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Shattuck St. Mary's Forest City International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Music Teacher</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Shattuck-St.Mary&#8217;s School, Forest City<br><strong>Music Teacher Job Description</strong></div><div><strong>Reporting Relationship</strong></div><div>Principal of Lower School&#160;<br>&#160;</div><br><div>The music program is an important part of the overall curriculum at Shattuck-St. Mary&#8217;s Forest City. We are looking for a teacher who can lead a performance-based program and preferably, one who can incorporate other arts into the program (e.g., drama). Shattuck-St. Mary&#8217;s is a pre-k through grade 11 school, at this time we are looking for a teacher that has experience with students in the Lower School. Experience with choir, piano, and beginning band/orchestra is desired.</div><div><strong>Specific Responsibilities</strong></div><div>&#9679; Work collaboratively with others in the music department and school staff to support student learning.<br>&#9679; Planning and preparing lessons for individual and group needs, including our EAL population.<br>&#9679; Prepare students for school performances.<br>&#9679; Assess students to determine growth in the area of music.<br>&#9679; Support the overarching goal of English Acquisition of the the school.<br>&#9679; Assist with the organization of school events e.g., Assemblies, Sports Day, Chinese New Year, etc.<br>&#9679; Supervise lunch time, parent pickup, bus lines and playground areas as part of a roster of duties.&#8232;<br>&#9679; Contribute to the after-school activities program.<br>&#9679; Other duties as directed by the Principal, Head of School or delegate.<br>&#9679; Boarding Duty/Study Hall: Support our boarding program by living in the dormitory and participating in the pastoral care and supervision of students on some evenings and weekends on a rotational basis</div><div>Qualifications and Experience</div><div><strong>Required</strong></div><div><br>&#9679; Bachelors of Education in Music Education (or equivalent).<br>&#9679; 4 years of teaching experience<br>&#9679; Experience working with children in a multicultural environment<br>&#9679; Responsible, accountable and flexible; patient, friendly, approachable disposition<br>&#9679; Comfortable with basic digital technology</div><div><strong>Preferred</strong></div><div><br>&#9679; Bachelor&#8217;s in Music Education<br>&#9679; Orff or Kodaly experience<br>&#9679; Choir and Band/Orchestra Certification</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>SSM-FC opened in 2018. It represents a collaboration between the leading independent boarding school, Shattuck-St.Mary&#8217;s (SSM), situated in Faribault, MN, USA, and the property developer, Country Garden Holding, based in Foshan, China.</div>
<div>IST enjoys a reputation, developed since the origin of the schools that make up its history in 1858 , as a leading educational institution in the USA. Located in beautiful, historic buildings in the small town of Faribault,&#160; the school is known today for its innovative approaches to learning via its WeCreate and ScholarShift programs, besides its Centers of Excellence in Vocal and Instrumental Music, Engineering, BioScience and Ice Hockey.&#160; SSM-FC will reflect this pursuit of excellence in its own educational offering.</div>
<div>Our work in establishing a new school in Malaysia will entail a wide range of human resources challenges.&#160; These will include the drafting of appropriately compliant policies and the maintenance of effective relations with government departments is also an important aspect of our work.</div>
<div>This position will allow an experienced Human Resources manager to work as part of a committed, positive team to establish a successful school employing both local and expatriate staff. If you share our passion for working with the highest standards of professionalism, modelling integrity, efficiency and hard work for our students and staff, your application will be most welcome.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/music-teacher-4481814?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481814&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 