---
title: "JMB Vacancies Building Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "JMB is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Building Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JMB is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Building Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Conversant in the Strata Act and building requirements of Malaysia</li><li>Honest with Good Work Ethics</li><li>Ability to meet deadlines</li><li>Ability to handle pressure and multitask</li><li>Good command of written and spoken English and Bahasa. Spoken Mandarin would be a great advantage</li><li>Computer Literacy with good proficiency in MS Office and Cloud Applications</li><li>Min Diploma in Civil/Electrical/Mechanical/Real Estate Mgmt/Building Service Engineer or similar</li><li>Minimum 2 years related experience</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities:&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Inspect buildings, grounds, facilities and equipment routinely to ensure property is well maintained.</li><li>Solicit and analyse quotations from contractors for repairs, renovation and maintenance works.</li><li>Prepare and evaluated contract tender documents, make recommendations to council and lead contract negotiations.</li><li>Liaise with term contractors to ensure timely, appropriate and adequate execution</li><li>Responsible to handle all upgrading and fitting out projects, from scheduling, supervision to project buy-offs as well as defects handling and closure</li><li>Ensures proper and timely project execution, timely reports submission, collation and filing; scrutinizes findings and drives follow-up actions.</li><li>Assures compliance with technical requirements for facilities, systems and equipment.</li><li>Report project status in council meetings and liaise with council sub-committee members</li><li>Assist to analyse daily reports, equipment health check reports, alarm reports including pumps, fixtures, fire alarm and other services.</li><li>Prepare incident reports</li><li>Prepare maintenance, repair and improvement schedules, manage and deploy resources and ensure execution to schedule and budget</li><li>Prepare agenda and minutes in timely manner both in English and Bahasa if required</li><li>Prepare notices and memos</li><li>Handle insurance claims</li><li>Coordinate inter floor defects with owners</li><li>Check residents unit post renovation to ensure structural integrity, infringement, conformant to designs rules and damages to common property</li><li>Follow up on moving in/moving out for damages to common property</li><li>Liaise with government bodies eg Municipal, COB, Tribunals</li><li>Liaise and coordinate with developers for defects work</li><li>Monitoring of term contractors&#8217; performance eg security, cleaning, landscape, lifts</li><li>Assist Admin in front desk duties when required</li><li>Perform other duties as assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Others:</strong></p><p>We are also looking for Administrator &amp; Accounts, Technicians.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirements:</p><p>Possess minimum 3 years managerial working experience.</p><p>Possess a Estate Management Diploma/Degree preferred.</p><p>Strong communication and negotiation skill.</p><p>Proficiency in MS Office and computer literacy.</p><p>Excellent command of written and spoken English and Bahasa Malaysia.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/building-executive-4548352?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548352&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 