---
title: "Ann Joo Steel Berhad Vacancies OPERATION COORDINATION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE (BASED AT PRAI)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-02 
excerpt: "Ann Joo Steel Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the OPERATION COORDINATION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE (BASED AT PRAI) which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ann Joo Steel Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>OPERATION COORDINATION ENGINEER / EXECUTIVE (BASED AT PRAI)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>&#8226; Serve as Operation Coordination of the organization; works with various departments within the organization for project execution.<br>&#8226; Ability to plan, organize, coordinate with all related parties, especially with operation and maintenance team, finance department and others for project execution.<br>&#8226; Providing advice / technical assistance as well as cost reduction knowledge for projects related to the company.<br>&#8226; Ability to negotiate, to motivate, to advise the teams for project execution, e.g. Continuous Improvement<br>&#8226; Develops strategic plan by studying technological, and financial opportunities; presenting assumptions; recommending objectives.<br>&#8226; Accomplishes subsidiary objectives by establishing plans, budgets, and results measurements; allocating resources; reviewing progress; making mid-course corrections.<br>&#8226; Builds company image by collaborating with customers, government, community organizations, and employees; enforcing ethical business practices.<br>&#8226; Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.<br>&#8226; Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies.<br>&#8226; Make certain that the technical department perform efficiently, coordinate employee efforts, and facilitate communication between departments.<br>&#8226; Ensures that the organization works in line with international best practices.<br>&#8226; To perform any other duties and responsibilities as and when necessary at ad-hoc basis.</div><div><br><strong>Job Requirements</strong><br>&#8226; Possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma or Professional Degree in any Engineering field or equivalent. Those with business administration background but with manufacturing division&#8217;s experiences, will be considered.<br>&#8226; Computer literate in industry related software such as MS Project / Word / Excel &amp; Autocad&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>&#8226; Willing to work long hours and during non-working days or after working hours &amp; travel when required.<br>&#8226; Able to work under pressure and meet deadlines.<br>&#8226; A committed team player with good communication and interpersonal skills.<br>&#8226; Analytical and meticulous for detail.<br>&#8226; High integrity and able to work independently.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Ann Joo Steel Berhad is committed to excel as a highly efficient and profitable organization with well-established and effective networking, preferred for its competitive advantage and recognized in the industry for its management excellence and resourcefulness, with capabilities and competencies for value creation in downstream activities.The company was the first integrated steel mill in South East Asia to obtain three internationally acclaimed certification namely ISO 9001:2000 (Quality), ISO 4001:2004 (Environmental) &amp; OHSAS 18001:1999 (Occupational Safety &amp; Health).&#160;</div>
<div>
	Ann Joo Steel Berhad, an established steel manufacturer is embarking on an expansion plan with the ultimate aim of becoming a global player in the not too distant future. Our vision is to excel as the most cost-competitive and profitable global steel manufacturer. In line with our successful establishment and steady growth we are looking for self- motivated and enthusiastic individuals to be part of our dynamic team in Prai.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operation-coordination-engineer-executive-based-at-prai-4474602?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4474602&sectionRank=10&token=0~b6987222-f6c2-4010-8d5c-860f3e28feaa&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 