---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Supply Planner - Malaysia - 1 year contract" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supply Planner - Malaysia - 1 year contract which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supply Planner - Malaysia - 1 year contract</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>About Kerry</strong><br>A career with Kerry Taste &amp; Nutrition offers you an opportunity to shape how people across the globe view food and beverage while providing you opportunities to explore and grow as your interests do. With our commitment to a sustainable future, a career with Kerry is something you can feel good about.</div><div><br><strong>About the role</strong></div><ul><li>The primary focus in this role is on customer orders and supply planning to production. You are mainly responsible for the Supply Planning functions such as MIP planning for Master Scheduling &amp; MRP planning, FGs inventory and RCCP plan.&#160; You must develop optimum level of supply planning execution to support Business Units &amp; Operations.</li><li>This 1 year contract role can be based in <strong>Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur, Penang or other locations</strong> and will be working from home. This role will report to the Supply Chain Planning Manager.</li><li>Key responsibilities</li><li>Develop continuous improvement activities to drive planning excellence through efficiencies in capacity plan. Single point of contact to operation planning / Technology Supply Specialist.</li><li>Ensure the right capacity and capability in place to supply and deliver end products to customer.&#160; Ensure sales orders, inventories, supply plans are properly managed including close monitoring of excess, slow moving, aging and phase-in and phased-out models.</li><li>Pro-actively identify and report capacity &amp; inventory risk</li><li>Create supply strategy and identify capability needs aligned to the business strategy and establishing the supply foundations that will enable future growth</li><li>Develop a robust supply plan to ensure there is an appropriate level of products available to support the sales and increase customer service level</li><li>Executing the agreed standard supply planning processes, supporting the implementation of new projects and tools to ensure continuity of excellent supply plan</li><li>Work with Demand Planner &amp; Customer Care to establish &#8216;Supply Level Agreements&#8217; that secure supply with an appropriate balance between risk, opportunity and flexibility</li><li>Play a key role in facilitating emergent issues that impact on schedule and commitment. Work with functional team to find solutions and perform root-cause and gap analysis.</li><li>Establish planning control check point and processes to drive and uphold commitment &amp; supply integrity</li><li>Prepare RCCP overviews to drive S&amp;OP meeting with Business, Operations and Finance to determine mid to long term business &amp; operation strategy</li><li>Achieve FG inventory target set by Group, manage safety stocks &amp; goods movement</li><li>Improve supply service level through administering operational terms &amp; criteria, supply planning efficiency &amp; flexibility, capacity optimization and lead-time reduction</li><li>Implement mechanism to capture exceptional orders, cost and risk of order changes impact to capacity and recommend solutions.</li><li>Strengthen MIP and supply planning rules to stabilise schedule and increase overall SC service level</li></ul><br><strong>Qualifications and skills</strong><ul><li>Candidate will be qualified to degree level in a Supply Chain, Business / Commercial or related</li><li>Minimum 3 years&#8217; experience in Planning roles in Supply Chain function</li><li>Food manufacturing experience is preferable but not essential</li><li>Advanced MS Office and systems skills</li><li>SAP experience is highly advantageous</li><li>Advanced level of English required</li><li>Competencies Required:</li><li>Possess strong planning and analytical skills and be able to take complex issues and break down actions for resolutions and working with tight deadlines</li><li>A solid communicator who can build strong relations and is not afraid to challenge decisions when see better alternatives or potential pitfalls.</li><li>Possess strong business acumen with deep Operational insight as well as an open nature and collaborative mind-set that enable working cohesively with people from different functions and levels.</li><li>A motivated and driven individual with the core competencies required to succeed in a demanding and challenging working environment</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supply-planner-malaysia-1-year-contract-4497462?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4497462&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 