---
title: "ADVANCED ASSEMBLY MATERIALS (M) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Manufacturing Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "ADVANCED ASSEMBLY MATERIALS (M) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manufacturing Manager which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ADVANCED ASSEMBLY MATERIALS (M) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manufacturing Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Responsibilities :</p><ul><li>Leading the Leadframe manufacturing operations (down setting, cutting and taping) team in implementing the processes and quality management system to ensure the production of high quality products.</li><li>Overseeing the whole manufacturing process, drawing up production schedule to ensure the products are produced according to the quality standard and on time.</li><li>Establishing manufacturing priorities and allocating the optimal resources.</li><li>Establishing and maintaining a standard of performance for the operation to ensure planned KPI&#8217;s of efficiency and performance are met.</li><li>Developing and implementing continuous improvement programs to ensure good operations effectiveness and cost.</li><li>Developing and tracking the competencies of subordinates and provide leadership and coaching so as to achieve the required objectives.</li><li>Coordinate, set up and implement standard operating procedure for all production operations.</li><li>Ensuring the compliances with Health and Safety policies, QMS, EMS, related systems and processes.</li><li>Assessing manufacturing operations staffing and skill requirements and developing plans to address the required needs.</li><li>Institutionalizing the manufacturing Best Practice Tools and Processes.</li><li>Drive yield improvement by initiating, developing and implementing innovative solutions.</li><li>Motivate and lead a team of engineers to achieve operational excellence.</li></ul><p>Requirements :</p><ul><li>Minimum Degree holder in Mechanical Engineering / Industrial Manufacturing with at least 10 years&#8217; working experience and a minimum of 5 years in people management.</li><li>Extensive experience in manufacturing process will be required.&#160;Experience in down setting, stamping and taping process will be an added advantage.</li><li>Possess good and effective communication skill with all levels in the organization, suppliers and customers.</li><li>Excellent analytical, interpersonal, leadership and presentation skill required.</li><li>Aggressive, meticulous, analytical and experience in strategies planning</li><li>Able to think strategically and 'out-of-box' to develop vision and roadmap for function and drive change in function.</li><li>Strong analytical mind, high integrity, result driven and possess good oral and written communication skills.</li><li>Ability to provide leadership, direction, identity and resolve issues with other departments group effectively.</li><li>Able to implement and carry-out improvement opportunities to improve long term quality, profitability and productivity.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Advanced Assembly Materials (M) Sdn Bhd is a subsidiary company under Advanced Assembly Materials International Ltd (AAMI)&#160;which is formerly the Materials Business Segment under ASM Pacific Technology, operations started in 1980. With the strategic joint-venture between ASM Pacific Technology and a consortium of Wise Road Capital and Asia-IO Capital Management, AAMI established in 2020 year end and operates as an independent company to continuosly offer comprehensive leadframe products &amp; material solutions to the semiconductor packaging industry.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manufacturing-manager-4536526?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4536526&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 