---
title: "Mybrushgroup of companies Vacancies Personal Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "Mybrushgroup of companies is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Personal Assistant which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mybrushgroup of companies is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Personal Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Personal Assistant provides administrative support that includes managing schedules, correspondence, travel arrangements, communications, business research and more.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Manage the MD&#8217;s appointments and schedule&#160;</li><li>Manage travel arrangements, including visas and accommodation</li><li>Maintain the MD&#8217;s contacts</li><li>Screen calls, enquiries and requests, and manage them with the appropriate priority</li><li>Assist the MD with research</li><li>Prepare documents, briefing papers, reports and presentations required</li><li>Organize meetings, including preparing agendas, pre-meeting briefings and meeting papers, and production and distribution of agenda and papers.</li><li>Meet and greet visitors of the MD</li><li>Maintain the MD&#8217;s data management and filing.</li><li><span>Any other duties as may reasonably be required by the Director</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li><span>Diploma/Bachelor's in Business or related field&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span></li><li>5 years experience as Personal Assistant</li><li><span>Strong written and verbal communication skills in English</span></li><li><span>Strong command of Mandarin would be added advantage</span></li><li><span>Good command of written and spoken Mandarin is advantageous</span></li><li><span>Good working knowledge with Microsoft Office Suite</span></li><li><span>Experienced in preparing minutes, presentations and other materials</span></li><li><span>Experienced with travel arrangements</span></li><li><span>Experience with corporate research</span></li><li><span>Strong organizational and time management skills</span></li><li><span>Demonstrated understanding of confidentiality, discretion and diplomacy.</span></li><li><span>Demonstrated ability to manage deadlines and changing priorities</span></li><li><span>Good interpersonal skills</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>MyBrush started out as a contract brush manufacturer more than two decades ago and from our modest beginning has today grown into a reputable manufacturer of a wide range of quality products.&#160;<br><br>Over the years, MyBrush has continuously refined and perfected the process and technical know-how of brush making to become one of the best manufacturers in the industry. This achievement could only be made possible tbrough our intensive research and development initiatives and employing the latest technology in our manufacturing process.&#160;<br><br>To guarantee the quality of our products stand up to highest standard, the company has also invested heavily into the newest equipment and machineries coupled with constant vigilant practice of international standards. It is for these fundamental management philosophies that made our products today are the preferred choice by some of the most renowned brands.&#160;<br><br>As our research and development matures along with the growth of our business, new capabilities are now opening up new potential business opportunities. So as our capabilities grows, the company is looking beyond traditional contract manufacturing business of brushes and venturing into strategic partnership with parties who desires to work with a reputable and reliable manufacturer which possesses both research and design capabilities.&#160;<br><br>MyBrush is now in a position to offer joint product development where we can provide a comprehensive platform of design, product development and manufacturing facility as a one stop solution in product commercialization.</strong></div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/personal-assistant-4575493?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575493&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 