---
title: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Food Technologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Food Technologist which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Food Technologist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:-</strong></p><p><strong>Product and Process Optimization</strong></p><ol><li>Recommend process improvements within operations to provide the optimal solution for the given project. Working with R&amp;D team on conforming initial process and product specifications, formulations, scope of work and schedule.</li><li>Work with R&amp;D team in conducting proof of principle testing to evaluate technical and financial feasibility for proposed solutions. Review results of tests with others and recommend further testing and/or changes deemed necessary to formulation and manufacturing processes to assure process capacity and efficiency to meet the business plan.</li><li>Prepare project reports, deduct significance of results and conclusions and make presentations of findings to Management as pertinent to complete assignments.</li><li>Responsibilities include documentation of manufacturing feasibility trials and product sample generation, cost estimation techniques, system and project proposal development, supplier evaluations, coordination of implementation with manufacturing staff; process commissioning, and successful transition of deliverables to plant operating staff, including training and technical knowledge to assure sustainability of improvements.</li><li>Provide project management services as required to deliver optimization projects including cost, schedule, and resource management.</li></ol><p><strong>Product and Process Technical Support</strong></p><ol><li>Support product and process improvement initiatives within Malaysia plant</li><li>Utilize food science and process engineering principals, technical training and judgment to resolve product quality, process troubleshooting and optimization initiatives.</li><li>Utilize root cause analysis and structured problem solving methodology to identify root cause, develop and implement solutions to projects.</li></ol><p><strong>Technology Application Evaluation</strong></p><ol><li>Utilize technical training and skills in the discovery and application of new or emerging technologies for Hershey process and product optimization initiatives to meet strategic growth and cost initiatives.</li><li>Assist Project Manager &amp; R&amp;D team in determining technical feasibility and economic justification for new technology applications.</li><li>Coordinate the operation of plant, laboratory equipment or apparatus in the performance of tests or the implementation of improvements</li></ol><p><strong>Process Management</strong></p><ol><li>Develop and maintain up to date knowledge related to processing technologies, equipment, and product formulas in a minimum of two technical areas related to chocolate, confectionery, candy or related snack foods.</li><li>Develop knowledge and proficiency related to change management (Product Change Management, Quality Through Engagement, Product Excellence Program, Good Manufacturing Practices, Product and Process Specification Development, Recipe Development System, Product and Process Change Policy, Alternate Supplier Policy) from discovery through execution phase.</li></ol><p><strong>Continuous Improvement</strong></p><ol><li>Identifies continuous improvement opportunities and leads implementation through Cost Saving, Process Optimization and Process / product Design Issues. Leads improvement teams and prepares/presents reports.</li><li>Established PQS for new product development from R&amp;D</li></ol><p>Requirements:-</p><ol><li>Bachelor's Degree in Food Science, Food Engineering, or Chemistry with minimum of 5+ yrs of related experience.</li><li>Knowledge of chocolate technical understanding &amp; behaviour.</li><li>Thorough understanding of food safety and food regulatory issues.</li><li>Ability to form strong and effective working relationships with manufacturing management, QA, and other technical disciplines.</li><li>Ensure appropriate regional &amp; Global standards are being met relative to products produced at Malaysia manufacturing sites.</li><li>Ability to work flexible hours.</li><li>In depth understanding of a production / manufacturing environment.</li><li>Advanced proficiency in computer programs / software such as Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, Power Point, SAP (Recipe Management), Accolade/PCM , Net Weight and QA Trends.</li><li>Detailed knowledge of regulatory and quality system requirements &#8211; Product Excellence Program(PEP), GFSI, HACCP, Good Manufacturing Process (GMP), etc.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>About The Hershey Company:<br>
<br>
The Hershey Company (NYSE: HSY) is the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America and a global leader in chocolate and sugar confectionery. Headquartered in Hershey, Pa., The Hershey Company has operations throughout the world and approximately 14,000 employees.<br>
With revenues of more than $6.6 billion USD, Hershey offers confectionery products under more than 80 brand names, including such iconic brands as Hershey's, Reese's, Hershey's Kisses, Hershey's Special Dark, Twizzlers, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers. The company is focused on growing its presence in key international markets such as China, Mexico and Brazil while continuing to build its competitive advantage in the United States and Canada.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>For more than 100 years, The Hershey Company has been a leader in making a positive difference in the communities where its employees live, work and do business. Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of the company&#8217;s global business strategy, which includes goals and priorities focused on fair and ethical business dealings, environmental stewardship, fostering a desirable workplace for employees, and positively impacting society and local communities. Milton Hershey School, established in 1909 by the company's founder and funded by a trust administered by Hershey Trust Company, provides a quality education, housing, and medical care at no cost to children in social and financial need. Students of Milton Hershey School are direct beneficiaries of The Hershey Company's success.<br>
<br>
To facilitate strong international growth, Hershey has been making tremendous investment and hiring the brightest people to grow with the company across AEMEA region (Asia, Europe, Middle East and Africa). In 2013, Hershey announced plans to build a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Johor, Malaysia to support growing consumer demand in the regional and provide easy distribution access to more than 25 markets across Asia. The Johor plant, a $250 million USD (RM816 million) investment, represents the single- largest investment in Asia during the company&#8217;s 18-year history in the region. Once completed in 2015, the Malaysia plant will be the one of the largest facilities in Hershey&#8217;s global manufacturing network with 700,000 total square feet. The plant will also have the capacity to produce the broadest array of finished products of any Hershey factory outside of the United States and Mexico, including millions of HERSHEY&#8217;S KISSES each day.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/food-technologist-4582731?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4582731&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 