---
title: "URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD Vacancies Executive, Procurement" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Procurement which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Procurement</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>In a Nut Shell</strong></p><p>You will be a key member in our organisation, contributing to the procurement processes and operation, supporting our plant operation in Malaysia. Do so thru detail procurement planning, vendor managements, stakeholder alignment, cost saving initiative, alternative source development and other initiatives.</p><p><strong>We Hope That You Are</strong></p><p><strong>Independent</strong>, adopt &#8220;<strong>can do</strong>&#8221; attitude, having <strong>growth </strong>mindset, embrace <strong>integrity</strong>, with strong experiences (<strong>5 years</strong> and above) in procurement processes and how supply chain works in <strong>Food / FMCG </strong>Manufacturing environment, <strong>SAP </strong>&amp; <strong>Microsoft Office</strong> Savvy and all the other good stuffs.&#160;</p><p><strong>Some of Your Key Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Prepares course of action based on root cause analysis, rationalization, delisting, developing new suppliers, initiation, maintenance and monitoring collaboration with suppliers.&#160;</li><li>Develops profiling of supplier including accreditation and assessment.&#160;</li><li>Liaise with suppliers to ensure prompt delivery of goods and verify accuracy of invoices.&#160;</li><li>Process requisitions promptly, facilitates purchase orders.&#160;</li><li>Liaise with forwarding agent to ensure smooth flow for clearance of goods and lease with Supply Chain for planning container deliveries and return.&#160;</li><li>Reviews and validates applicable contract terms and conditions, order planning and importation and procedures.&#160;</li><li>Conducts bidding and negotiations of purchases.&#160;</li><li>Facilitates execution of contracts for common/regular purchases of materials.&#160;</li><li>Maintains supplier records, quotation and canvass.&#160;</li><li>Does analysis on the materials requirement plan as a tool in order planning to negotiation and contract management.&#160;</li><li>Prepares spend analysis on regular materials and prospective materials, services and assets.&#160;</li><li>Conducts analysis of product specification improvement, process improvement relationship restructuring (risk management/supplier improvement plants) global sourcing, best price evaluation and volume concentration&#160;</li><li>Collaborates with cross functional teams and suppliers/contractors in the execution of strategic sourcing projects.&#160;</li><li>Looks for markets and knows the historical, trend and current market price.&#160;</li><li>Identifies market structure and tends, supply chain, environmental factors and nature of competition per item.</li></ul><p><strong>We look forward to hear from you very soon.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>One of the Largest FMCG in the Region</strong></p><p>We are one of the largest branded consumer food and beverage product companies in ASEAN markets. We have employed more than 122,000 employees worldwide, with more than 500 employees across Malaysia with Head office in Johor Bahru.</p><p><strong>Large Conglomerate</strong></p><p>We are engaged in a wide range of food-related businesses, including the manufacture and distribution of branded consumer foods, flour milling and pasta manufacturing, sugar milling and refining, renewable energy via the bio-ethanol and biomass cogeneration businesses (under Sugar Group), hog farming, manufacture of animal feeds, glucose, soya products and veterinary compounds. We also have presence in the real estate, transportation, banking and other interesting businesses.</p><p>Join us today to grab an opportunity to grow yourself and the company!&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-procurement-4545102?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545102&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 