---
title: "D&K ENGINEERING SERVICES SDN. BHD. Vacancies Logistics Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-01 
excerpt: "D&K ENGINEERING SERVICES SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistics Executive which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>D&K ENGINEERING SERVICES SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistics Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>These may include, but are not limited to:<em>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</em></strong></p><ul><li>Compare the freight cost by forwarder &amp; ship mode. Justify to supply chain manager on the selective forwarder &amp; ship mode - Incoming</li><li>Arrange the booking with forwarder/courier service accordingly to requestor&#8217;s requirement (appointed arrival date &amp; departure date) &#8211; Incoming &amp; Outgoing</li><li>Prepare shipping invoice &amp; packing list for outgoing shipments &#8211; Outgoing</li><li>Pack the FG/outgoing shipment &amp; do the labelling - Outgoing</li><li>For outgoing shipment, upon shipment pick up, take photos &amp; get endorsement from driver on shipping docs - Outgoing</li><li>Coordinate with forwarders &amp; requestors until the shipment arrive &amp; depart &#8211; Incoming &amp; Outgoing</li><li>Coordinate with appointed custom clearance agent to collect back all the custom permits (K1/K2) &amp; COR &#8211; Incoming &amp; Outgoing</li><li>Work closely with Material Handler in warehouse &amp; make sure all cargo they received is with the custom permit (K1) &amp; COR - Incoming</li><li>For FG/outgoing shipments, need to follow up till the shipment depart from Malaysia in order to meet LMW compliances, because approved A3 items with approved HS Code is deem for export &#8211; Outgoing</li><li>Confirm BL/AWB information for the FG shipment &#8211; Outgoing</li><li>Once receive custom permit (K2), proceed to issue shipper notes from system &amp; pass the copy to supply chain manager &#8211; Outgoing</li><li>Prepare COO copy &amp; endorsement from MITI for customer who needs the PCO - Outgoing</li><li>Handle logistics indirect materials planning. Raise Purchase Requisition for indirect materials that use in warehouse (for example: pallets, shrink wrap, labels for FG &amp; etc). Ensure safety rules and regulations laid down by the company are strictly adhered to without compromise.</li><li>Maintain good housekeeping and security in the warehouse.</li><li>&#160;Ad-hoc duties when assigned by supervisor.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>At least Diploma in Supply Chain or equivalent</li><li>Min 5 years of working experience in warehouse</li><li>Possess positive working attitude</li><li>Ability to meet physical requirements including:</li><li>A variety of standing and walking throughout the day</li><li>Lifting and pulling inventory from shelves of up to 10 kg to 16 kg.</li><li>Must be mature, independent, with initiative and able to handle duties with less supervision.</li><li>Team player with a desire to grow within the organization</li><li>Hardworking, committed and able to work overtime when required.</li><li>Able to work in fast environment and under pressure</li><li>Possess forklift license will be an added advantage</li><li>Self-starter and able to perform tasks with minimum supervision</li><li>&#160;Able to read and speak simple English</li><li>&#160;Knowledge of ERP system is preferable e.g. IFS, etc.</li><li><br></li></ul><p>We regret that only short-listed candidates with be notified.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>D&amp;K Engineering is a top tier design and manufacturing services company, offering development and full-scale contract manufacturing to clients who demand for seamless design, prototyping, global supply chain, NPI, volume manufacturing and after-market solutions for complex electro-mechanical products, smart machines and medical devices. Founded in 1999,&#160; D&amp;K Engineering is head-quartered in San Diego (U.S.A.). We first established our presence in Asia Pacific by setting up our R&amp;D and manufacturing center in Singapore in 2009, follow by Malaysia in 2018.&#160;</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistics-executive-8515082/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8515082&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 