---
title: "Telexpress Contact Centre Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Digital Marketing Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "Telexpress Contact Centre Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Digital Marketing Specialist which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Telexpress Contact Centre Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Digital Marketing Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Work closely with the internal digital team to ensure smooth execution of marketing campaigns</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Work closely with the internal digital team to monitor results of marketing campaigns, conduct in depth analysis on marketing campaign, generate campaign reports after in depth analysis and recommend to management on any further improvement needed.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Manage and execute digital paid campaigns including but not limited to search ads, social media ads (FB, IG, Linkedin, Twitter), display ads, SEO/SEM campaigns.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Maintain a current and accurate knowledge of search engine optimization strategies</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Keep up with trends in the digital marketing space, competitor's activities and industry best practices in order to stay abreast of the developments in the marketplace</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;Constantly develop creative and eyes catching content on brand, products and activities for website, e-store and other social media channels in bilingual languages (English &amp; Mandarin) to drive campaign/product/brand awareness, engagement and conversion.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Work closely with internal digital team to monitor and update brand, product and activities content management and social media channels effectiveness after in depth analysis via analytical tools.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Responsible to write and proofread materials and as well as create innovative content for various social media accounts</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Work closely with internal digital team to analyze and measure business impact of social media channels effectiveness, conversion and loyalty using web analytics and research</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Handle social media community management across multiple social media accounts and d</span>esign as well as create videos and motion graphics for social media and digital media platforms</p><p><span>Position Requirement:</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree in Digital Marketing, Marketing, Advertising, Mass Communication, E-Commerce or equivalent.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>At least 2-5 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Well-verse in Digital Marketing of Singapore market and have the proven record based on related working experience.</span></p><p>&#183; <span>Proficient working Knowledge on Google Ads (SEM, GDN and YT) and Facebook. Experience in SEO, LinkedIn Ads, Twitter Ads and Shopee is a plus.</span></p><p>&#183; <span>Conversant in marketing solutions and web analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics/SEM rush)</span></p><p>&#183; <span>Outstanding copy writing skills, excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Mandarin</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;<span>Strong business acumen, good marketing sense, creativity, detailed oriented and technical common sense to understand the product.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>The ability to use the simple function of Photoshop or Illustrator will be added advantage.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;<span>Good in planning, analytical, problem-solving skills, and interpersonal skills.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;<span>Must possess strong interest in IT, gadgets, hardware, components and/or desktop solutions</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Display a positive and agile attitude, friendly personality, ability to interact with various groups/levels of people, willing to learn for self-improvement and possess keen attention to details</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>To be able to start work immediately would be added advantage</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Founded in 2001, Telexpress is now Taiwan No1 CRM Service provider since 2005. We continue expansion of our presence into Asia Pacific region servicing over 13 countries with more than CAGR 15% p.a. for the last 10 years. It is our mission to deliver warm and interactive customer relationship experience for all our Global brands&#8217; clients through our unique service models and regional operating centres.</div>
<div>With headquarters based in Taipei, Telexpress now has over 2000 agent seats capacity across Asia, operating across 7 different sites&#160; in Taiwan, China, Philippines and Malaysia managing the outsourcing services for our premium clients across the world.&#160;&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/digital-marketing-specialist-4592037?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592037&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 