---
title: "Avelon Healthcare Sdn Bhd (FARMASI PARKCITY) Vacancies Healthcare Sales Representative" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Avelon Healthcare Sdn Bhd (FARMASI PARKCITY) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Healthcare Sales Representative which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Pahang, Sarawak, Terengganu" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Pahang, Sarawak, Terengganu] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Avelon Healthcare Sdn Bhd (FARMASI PARKCITY) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Healthcare Sales Representative</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><strong>WHO ARE WE?</strong></li><li><strong>THE BIOBAY&#160;</strong></li></ul><div><div>Putting the &#8220;Care&#8221; Back into Healthcare Before there was BioBay, there was a vision. A vision for exceptional, consumer-oriented healthcare. Post 2000s, the healthcare sector was booming with consumers becoming increasingly aware of the benefits of good healthcare. With the sector then dominated largely by global conglomerates however, healthcare products available at the time were highly industrialised and impersonal, mass-produced with a &#8220;one size fits all&#8221; strategy. Finding the right healthcare product was a challenge for consumers with needs beyond the mainstream. There had to be a better way to meet consumer healthcare needs. We just have to listen. That was exactly what a young Malaysian pharmacist did - she listened, and BioBay was born. Established in 2008, BioBay was founded with the core belief that the healthcare business begins not with the product, but with the consumer. This belief is perfectly encapsulated even in our corporate logotype featuring &#8220;37&#176;C Health Care&#8221; which reflects the optimal human body temperature. Since its maiden product launch, BioBay has grown steadily over the years and now carries over 40 healthcare products that are well-recognised in the Malaysian market. Moving forward, BioBay aims to further advance the brand to meet international standards. As a 100% home-grown Malaysian brand, BioBay takes great pride in sharing the national responsibility of elevating the Malaysian healthcare industry to global levels.&#160;&#160;</div><div><strong>What do you do?</strong>&#160;</div><div>Sales executive provides essential support for the sales management team, and if you draw energy from being part of a team, it might be a greatest job for you. Sales executive is responsible for the efficient handling of sales, and they help to improve the productivity of marketing team by dealing with customer queries. This important position contributes to the quality of office amangement and the achievement of sales targets.</div><div><strong>Healthcare provider&#160;</strong></div><div>Need to equip yourself with knowledge of basic healthcare sector.&#160;</div><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>An enthusiastic, disciplined and motivated individual.</li><li>Sales oriented.</li><li>Good problem solving, analytical skills with good attention to details.</li><li>Responsible and able to deliver on promise.</li><li>At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Sales Skills, follow up skills, PR Skills.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in sales&#160;</li></ul><br>&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>A Passion for A Better Healthcare!</div>
<div>Avelon Healthcare&#8230; Your Healthcare &#8220;Good Samaritan&#8221;</div>
<div>The Avelon Group founded in the year 2006 is dedicated to &#8220;Better Health Care for an Awesome You&#8221;. The group runs it pharmacies under the name &#8220;Park@City&#8221; which aim to provide not only friendly but unmatchable service to ensure a &#8220;feel at home&#8221; environment.</div>
<div>Today, we are in the pipeline to reach out to the needs of the people who truly value health as the first &amp; most important wealth.</div>
<div>Under the Avelon Group, Galaxis Healthcare was incorporated in 2013 with the mission of providing only the best product and a one-stop center for all. Its continuous research and development of quality product are evidence in brands namely BioBay, H-Bay and K&#8217;yanoll.</div>
<div>With such high level of commitment and responsibility toward its endeavor, one can only expect the best product, advice, and services to satisfy the ever-growing need of the people.</div>
<div>A Glowing Passion for Better Healthcare Because &#8220;Life is a One-Time Offer&#8221;</div>
<div>Being a leading healthcare provider and your &#8220;Good Samaritan&#8221; pharmacy, our continuous expansion of the company&#8217;s product&#8217;s portfolio, from medical device to medicine dispensary, healthcare services and consultation, as well as advanced technologies to meet the ever growing needs and demands of today&#8217;s modern society.</div>
<div>Knowing that life is a one-time offer and health is of paramount importance. Our ranges of products are formulated based on the nutritional requirement at different stages of life which the human body required to maintain optimum health to perform the many daily activities of life.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Pahang, Sarawak, Terengganu. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/healthcare-sales-representative-4499242?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4499242&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 