---
title: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd Vacancies HRA ASSISTANT" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-22 
excerpt: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HRA ASSISTANT which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kiswel Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HRA ASSISTANT</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><br><br><strong>&#8226; Competitive Salaries<br>&#8226; Training &amp; Development Opportunities<br>&#8226; Yearly Increment &amp; Performance Bonus</strong></div><div><strong>JOB ROLE &amp; RESPONSIBILITY&#160;</strong></div><div>&#8226; Supervising day to day administrative work. Example office administration and organize maintenance of office supplies equipment &amp; vehicles, stationary , PPE an etc<br>&#8226; Implement office standards, policies and procedures and ensure staff compliance.<br>&#8226; Source for competitive vendors and negotiate for best rates on products and office supplies sourcing<br>&#8226; Liaise with brokers / insurance company for price comparison on renewal general insurance policies within the Group<br>&#8226; Provide support and management services to various divisions effectively.<br>&#8226; Assist in ad hoc company event as and when needed.<br>&#8226; Maintain of admin records and handling filing system<br>&#8226; Liaison with external parties on HR &amp; admin matter, eg. Statutory bodies, building maintenance contractors, office equipment vendors, etc.<br>&#8226; Executions of administrative tasks. Utilities bill, purchasing or etc<br>&#8226; Monitor HR department asset list<br>&#8226; Liaise with the local authorities and government departments for labor and admin related matters, etc.<br>&#8226; Assist in resolving any administrative problems.<br>&#8226; Perform meal arrangement for production operators in daily basis<br>&#8226; Schedule and coordinate meetings, training and seminar.<br>&#8226; Prepare and modify documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emails<br>&#8226; Able to generate&#160; related instruction (SOP)<br>&#8226; Maintain a daily electronic journal , arrange meetings and appointments and provide reminders as needed<br>&#8226; Arrange executive travel , hotel and dining arrangements as needed upon request<br>&#8226; Responsible to produce quality reports and presentations<br>&#8226; Other HR &amp; Admin related task that assigned by the superior from time to time</div><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS&#160;</strong></div><div>&#8226; Possess at least Certificate/Diploma in HR &amp; Administration&#160; Management related.<br>&#8226; At least two <strong>(2) </strong>year working experience in <strong>Human Resources / Admin&#160; DEPT.</strong><br>&#8226; Must be proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) and any relevant software programs.<br>&#8226; Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and Bahasa Malaysia.<br>&#8226; Detail-oriented, multi-tasking, and able to work under pressure.<br>&#8226; A self-starter, initiative, independent &amp; possess high level of confidentiality.<br>&#8226; A team player with good attitude.<br>&#8226; Pleasant personality.<br>&#8226; Ability to handle sensitive and confidential information with discretion<br>&#8226; Solid organizational and Time-Management skills &#8212; Managing one's own time and the time of others<br>&#8226; Undertake any ad-hoc assignment assigned by the Superior or Management as and when required.</div><div><strong>SKILLS REQUIRED&#160;</strong></div><div>&#8226; Good communication skills &amp; a team player with good ability in working with other people.<br>&#8226; Computer literacy, familiar with Microsoft Office such as Excel, Word &amp; Power Point.<br>&#8226; Conversant with both English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia.<br>&#8226; Report writing in English.<br>&#8226; Good analytical skills, able to see problems &amp; recommend sound solutions.<br>&#8226; Good time-management skills.<br>&#8226; Ability to read &amp; comply to departmental procedures, processes and work instructions.<br>&#8226; Keen on continuous improvement.</div><div><strong>PHYSICAL &amp; MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS&#160;</strong></div><div>&#8226; Physically fit , agile and able to work in a manufacturing environment</div>&#8226; Possess good eyesight with or without spectacles<br>&#8226; Effective visual , aural , oral , tactile &amp; ambulatory abilities<br>&#8226; Medically fit without major health issues or chronic diseases</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	In the past 30 years, KISWEL LTD has forced its business as a manufacturer of welding consumables. We endeavored to develop and advance the foundation of the national welding consumables industry through localization. KISWEL SDN BHD located at Pasir Gudang, Johor was established in the year of 1997, with an advanced cutting-edge equipment and integrated automatic systems to maximize the manufacturing process and to meet the demanding quality requirements. Today, one can find KISWEL's "Elephant Brand" welding consumables in more than 90 countries in the world. KISWEL will always remember its founding principles of creativity, fortitude, confidence and compassion to strive for the future with a frontier's spirit of exploring the break of the new millennium. If you have the spirit &amp; looking for excellent career advancement opportunities, we would like to hear from you.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hra-assistant-4506784?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4506784&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 