---
title: "LEONG SIEW WENG ENGINEERING SDN. BHD. Vacancies Human Resources" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "LEONG SIEW WENG ENGINEERING SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>LEONG SIEW WENG ENGINEERING SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the full spectrum of HR functions including Compensation &amp; Benefits, Payroll Processing, Performance Appraisal, Training &amp; Development, HR Policy &amp; Procedures, and other HR administration.</li><li>Responsible for the recruitment process by advertising, monitoring, searching, selecting and arranging interview with the potential candidates.</li><li>Handle employee grievances and disciplinary issues, staff counselling and all other employee relations matters</li><li>Well versed in Employment Act, local authorities and legal implications.</li><li>Processing and submission of the monthly statutory payment eg: EPF, SOCSO, Income Tax and HRDF on timely manner&#160;</li><li>Handle Monthly Payroll, have experience in using Million Payroll Software will be added an advantage.</li><li>Generates payroll report and pay slips &amp; attends to payroll related queries and requests from employees.</li><li>Prepare listing and voucher for salary advance, get approval from manager and request cash from account dept.</li><li>Prepare listing and voucher for medical claim and mileage claim for staff and worker.</li><li>Responsible to monitor staff attendance such as working punctuality, leave taken by recording in the system as an evidence and supporting for the year end appraisal purpose.</li><li>Handle HRDF portal, assess Training Needs to apply and monitor training programs.</li><li>To keep and maintain an up-to-date HR database, including each employee&#8217;s Personal File, Salary Movement, Letters etc.</li><li>Prepare authorization letter, appointment letter, confirmation letter increment letter, promotion letter, show cause /warning letter, complain letter, handover letter.</li><li>Prepare memorandum, minutes of meeting</li><li>Submission of Form E &amp; EA before dateline.</li><li>Responsible to any ad hoc tasks that assigned by the management when necessary from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Required language(s): Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 1-2 year(s) of working experience&#160;in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Familiar with Microsoft Office.&#160;</li><li>Familiar with Million Software</li><li>5.5-days working (Mon- Sat)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>LSWE is a&#160;steel fabricator company founded in Singapore in providing quality engineering solutions. We are now branching out from Singapore for expansion and looking to recruit top talents in Malaysia. Our new plant will be based in Johor and we are looking forward to grow LSWE in a bigger scale of total workforce.</p><p>LSWE manufactures and install a wide spectrum of steelworks for the onshore and offshore market locally in Singapore and internationally. From structures for high rise buildings, heavy roof trusses, link bridges, temporary strutting for the onshore sector to decompression pressure vessels for offshore diving and tanks for the offshore market. Over the last three decades, LSWE has proven its high standards of quality and being &#8220;Your Reliable Partner&#8221; to all its clients.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-4510247?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510247&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 