---
title: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd Vacancies Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-02 
excerpt: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the overall accounting function that includes preparation of financial statement, analysis, cash flow, monthly Forex, treasury, cost accounting, taxation, managing incoming and outgoing fund, consolidation, financial reports and monthly GST returns.</li><li>To monitor the receiving, storing and issuance of inventory in accordance with the cost control policies and procedures.</li><li>Perform current month cost estimation and rolling estimation cost for the product costing related.</li><li>Cost Variance analysis including development of a monthly forecast\annual budget, analysis of results to the forecast\annual budget and development of analytical reports to effectively communicate results</li><li>To ensure proper accounting records into the system.</li><li>To handle all aspects of cost control function.</li><li>Responsible for inventory closing, standard cost setting, inventory reconciliation and costing related matter</li><li>Manage and handle stock take monthly and year end cycle count</li><li>Month-end closing responsibilities include ensuring the accuracy of sales and cost of sales, dilution and cost variances. Ensure that all reporting accurately reflects the correct General Ledger, budget, forecast and prior year balances.</li><li>Provide financial and management information, reports, analyst and financial advice and support on timely manner to management for decision making</li><li>Liase with auditors, tax agent, bankers, government bodies and external parties on financial matters</li><li>Assist to prepare of the business plan and budget and monitoring of the Company performance</li><li>To prepare the general management report as requested by headquarters and shareholders.</li><li>To gather information from other department or section as required by the top management.</li><li>To liaise and coordinate with headquarters.</li><li>To prepare and analysis reports on company's operations on regular basis (weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly) and also the ad-hoc report (as and when requested).</li><li>To gather information from company secretarial and to ensure that all the secretarial records are properly maintained and complies with all requirements under the Companies Act, 1965.</li><li>To prepare minutes of meeting and coordinate Board meeting.</li><li>Adhere to safety rules and procedures set out by the company.</li><li>To carry out other related task instructed by the top management.</li></ul><p><strong>Minimum Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree,&#160;Professional Degree in&#160;Finance/ Accountancy/ Banking or equivalent.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Good communication skills and interpersonal skills, work independent and team work.</li><li>Candidate who&#160;is holding CIMA / ACCA / MIA professional qualification will have an added advantage.</li><li>Willing to work in Tanjung langsat, Pasir Gudang</li><li>Full time position (1) available</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn. Bhd. is a new petrochemical company&#160;in Pasir Gudang (Tanjung Langsat Industrial Estate).&#160;We just started&#160;our commercial operation&#160;as the 1st manufacturer of Synthetic Rubber (butadiene rubber) in Malaysia.</p><p>The Company is a joint venture among the established multi-national corporations (i.e. Lotte Chemical Corporation of South Korea, Ube Industries Ltd. and Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan). The new plant in Pasir Gudang will have the capacity to produce 50,000 tons of Synthetic Rubber annually.</p><p>Synthetic Rubber is the best available substitute for natural rubber with very high demand from various downstream applications such as in tyres manufacturing industries, high impact polystyrene (HIPS), shoes, automotive and other related industries. Asia&#160;is the biggest market for Synthetic Rubber and its demand is expected continue growing in future.</p><p>Lotte Chemical Corporation with two butadiene plants in South Korea (Daesan and Yeosu) and Lotte Chemical Titan in Malaysia, is having an annual production capacity of 400,000 tonnes annually. Whilst Ube Industries Ltd maintain a global production of synthetic rubber &#160;via its existing plants in Japan, China and Thailand with overall annual capacity of 436,000 tonnes.</p><p>We are recruiting the best talent, ambitious, and dynamic individuals to be a part of our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-executive-4524443?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524443&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 