---
title: "BOSS SOLUTIONS SDN BHD Vacancies APPLICATION SUPPORT CONSULTANT" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "BOSS SOLUTIONS SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the APPLICATION SUPPORT CONSULTANT which based in Johor Bahru, Puchong" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Puchong] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BOSS SOLUTIONS SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>APPLICATION SUPPORT CONSULTANT</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><ul><li><strong>Focus on building Customer Relationship</strong></li><li><strong>Exposure to different industry and practices</strong></li><li><strong>Family-like workplace that built on common goals</strong></li><li><strong>Position available for Indoor and Outdoor ASC</strong></li></ul><div>As an <strong>Application Support Consultant</strong>, you will help our Customers to solve enquiry arise from our Solution in an efficient and accurate manner. You will be the company&#8217;s front liner and you will solve technical problems and provide support on assigned areas. Your abilities to convey a solution should only surpass by a deep knowledge of the field. Most importantly, our goal is to make sure that the Customer value is maintained to the standards set forth by the Company.<br>&#160;</div><div><strong>To be successful in this role, you will need to have:</strong></div><ul><li>Customer service orientation &amp; strong client-facing and communication skills (It is all about Customer Satisfaction).</li><li>Critical thinking, Committed &amp; friendly (Positive attitude is important!).</li><li>Excellent command in English (if you can converse in Mandarin and Bahasa Malaysia, will be a plus!).</li><li>Advanced multi-tasking skills.</li><li>Proven working experience in providing software help desk support (would be a plus but not necessary).</li><li>Working knowledge of help desk software, MS SQL Database and Remote Control (if you have experience in Web Application deployment, this will give you a plus).</li><li>Proficiency in Microsoft Office (esp. Excel and Words).</li><li>A degree in Information Technology or Computer Science (or Human Resource will have priority). Certification in any Customer Oriented Training (would be a plus plus!). Prior working experience in Human Resources (would be a plus but not necessary).</li></ul><div><strong>To help you succeed in this role, we will assist you by providing:</strong></div><ul><li>Training will be provided to get you moving (we will train you to be competent!).</li><li>You will be surrounded by highly positive and helpful people. (yes, we motivate &amp; help each other).</li><li>Insurance and Medical coverage (sometimes we may fall sick) and Travel Allowance (we got you covered!).</li></ul><div><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong></div><ul><li>You will have various industries engagement exposure.</li><li>Exposure and handling people from different level (as long as you are extrovert, you won&#8217;t get bored).</li><li>You are remunerated with good basic salary and incentive (yes, if you achieve our goal, we will reward you!).</li><li>Have great Customer Relationship Management experiences (your experience and professionalism will represent us).</li></ul><div><div><strong>There are 2 vacancies available:-</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Vacancy in Bandar Puteri Puchong, Selangor.</strong></li><li><strong>Vacancy in Taman Molek, Johor.</strong></li></ul></div><div>Do join us if you have a<strong> </strong>passion on Customer Service orientation career, achieving job satisfaction when you are able to solve Customers&#8217; business problem, able to multi-tasking and desire to completed task based on service level with the highest quality standards.</div><div><br><strong>If you are currently working as a Software Support, Helpdesk Support, Human Resources &amp; Business IT personnel, you are strongly encourage to apply.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>BOSS Solutions</strong> established in 1990, one of the leading Enterprise&#160;Human Resource Management Software providers in Malaysia. Guided by our corporate philosophy of "Trustworthiness and Creativity,"&#160;we have continued to challenge ourselves to provide a full range of Human Resource solutions and services nationwide by harnessing our advanced technologies, the core of which encompasses intelligence Human Resource solution.</div>
<div>
	By encouraging staff members to proactively engage with customers and discover new needs, Boss Solutions&#160; will be much better equipped to propose appropriate business solutions. By repeating this cycle, we are determined to expand our business fields and become an ideal company from which society will have higher expectations.<br>
<br>
<strong>OUR MISSION</strong><br>
	We are a team build with professional and high-experience workforce, committed to providing our customers with smart Human Capital Management Solutions that ensures their businesses are always productive, profitable, and competitive.<br>
	We work towards accomplishing the vision and we hope to establish ourselves as a provider of best-in-class HR solutions in the industry. We believe in creating lasting connections with our customers by providing them competent and efficient HR solutions continuously.<br>
<br>
<strong>OUR VISION</strong><br>
	To be well-recognized as a proficient, innovative and efficient leader in providing Human Capital Management Solution.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru, Puchong. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/application-support-consultant-4575668?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575668&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 