---
title: "5E Resources Sdn Bhd Vacancies SAFETY OFFICER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "5E Resources Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SAFETY OFFICER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>5E Resources Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SAFETY OFFICER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><span>To ensure company OHSMS is in compliance with the International Standards, government regulation, and </span>other requirements and reported in writing to the management on monthly basis.</li><li>&#183;The Safety Officer shall compile and update all related safety and health issues in a monthly report so as to keep track of safety performance indicators. (formulated procedure, SOP, HIRARC, Hot Work, Confined Space, rules regulations on safety &amp; health)</li><li>To develop, implement and monitor safety &amp; health program to ensure a safe hazard-free working environment that will also satisfy the regulatory body (DOSH)</li><li>Contractor and In house Maintenance involvement in factory activity (e.g work permit, hot work &amp;&#160;related matters).</li><li>Carry out total investigation on all accidents and incidents related to both factories; generation and corrective and preventive actions with related depts, complete with DOSH&#160;acknowledgment and reporting.</li><li>To propose and execute external training and coordinate in-house safety and health training with respective HOD&#8217;s., PPE Training, In-House ERP (BOMBA, First Aid, Emergency Evacuation, Fire Drill, External training selection based on EHMS required condition with HODs.</li><li>Evaluation of HIRARC on all EHMS for all department with HOD and improvement on updating of HIRARC after cases of incident and accident</li><li>To generate PR on PPE related of HIRARC activity approved by HOD&#8217;s and issuance to production HOD and issuance of reports on PPE uses (formulated the PPE Matrix&#160;usage at the factory)&#160;&#160;</li><li>To coordinate the fulfillment of the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 and reporting on a monthly basis.</li></ul><p><strong>JOB PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT</strong></p><ul><li>Zero accident days</li><li>Successful ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certificate renewal</li><li>Successful compliance with all DOSH and DOE regulations and requirements</li><li>Completed yearly training calendar (in-house &amp; external)&#160;related to Safety and Health &amp; Environment</li><li>PPE compliance for all department</li><li>Successful machinery license renewal on time, Permit to Work (PTW), compliance</li></ul><p><strong>Required Qualifications / Experience</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must at least completed and passed the Safety and Health Officer Couse [NIOSH] or possess a Graduate Diploma/Degree&#160;in Safety &amp; Health/Environmental equivalent</li><li>Proven experience working in a supervisory role in the industry preferred</li><li>Required language(s) Bahasa Malaysia, English</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>5E RESOURCES SDN BHD IS AN ESTABLISH SCHEDULE WASTE RECOVERY INDUSTRIAL WHICH&#160;LOCATED AT PASIR GUDANG. WE ARE LOOKING FOR THE SUITABLE CANDIDATE THAT INTERESTED TO BE PART OF OUR TEAM&#160;MEMBER IN ORDER TO EXTEND OUR COMPANY SERVICES TO A HIGHER LEVEL FOR OUR CUSTOMERS.</p><p>BESIDES THAT, WE ARE AN ISO 14001 &amp; ISO 45001 CERTIFIED COMPANY WHICH EXPECTED THE CANDIDATE THAT HAVING INITIATIVE IN SELF-IMPROVEMENT AND WILLING TO GROWTH TOGETHER WITH OUR ORGANIZATION TO JOINT US UP AS A MEMBER.</p><p>History</p><p>Incorporated in 2006; Rapidly grow in the relevant industry.</p><p>Product &amp; Services</p><p>Scheduled waste management solutions; Scheduled waste recycling; Recycled products</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/safety-officer-4578308?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4578308&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 