---
title: "Inventus Power (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies PRODUCT QUALITY ENGINEER - PQE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "Inventus Power (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PRODUCT QUALITY ENGINEER - PQE which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Inventus Power (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PRODUCT QUALITY ENGINEER - PQE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>SUMMARY OF FUNCTIONS:</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible to ensure the implementation of quality &amp; environmental management system procedures,&#160;products quality assurance and compliance to any regulatory requirements.</li><li>Work with internal customers and suppliers in support of supplier development and certification and the establishment of process equivalence.</li><li>Provide technical support to internal customers and suppliers for activities related to supplier quality system assessment, performance evaluation, and supplier development</li><li>Control of in-process quality and regulatory requirement to ensure compliances.</li></ul><p><strong>1. NPI process responsibility</strong></p><ul><li>Work with Engineering and production on PFMEA</li><li>Determines appropriate documentation for inspection points (CTQ/CTP) and assists development of finished product and component receiving inspection procedures and requirements.</li><li>Establish Quality Control Plan (QCP) to ensure compliance to NPI expectations.</li><li>Prepare appropriate form and software update to ready for inspector prior to mass production.</li><li>Prepare and ensure appropriate equipment or infrastructure ready prior to mass production.</li><li>Recruits, trains, and supports quality personnel to assure effective and competent performance of quality function that meeting the quality plan expectation.</li></ul><p><strong>2. Incoming responsibility</strong></p><ul><li>Control the material quality per QCP.</li><li>Prepare the latest version of the check form / software are in use.</li><li>Ensure equipment and infrastructure are in good condition prior use.</li><li>Trains and supports quality personnel to assure effective and competent performance of quality function that meeting the quality plan expectation.</li><li>Lead all QC findings and support production fall out monitoring.</li><li>Enforce MRB and quarantine procedures for rejection of in-process, finished product and component receiving inspection areas.&#160;</li><li>Ensure all MRB material are resolved in a timely manner.</li><li>Ensure effective communication with inspector to ensure latest quality concern and improvement are understood in daily basic prior to start daily activities</li></ul><p><strong>3. In Process Inspection / Audit responsibility</strong></p><ul><li>Control the sub assembly quality per QCP.</li><li>Prepare the latest version of the check form / software are in use.</li><li>Ensure equipment and infrastructure are in good condition prior use.</li><li>Trains and supports quality personnel to assure effective and competent performance of quality function that meeting the quality plan expectation.</li><li>Manage, issue, track and trend all audit corrective actions</li><li>Work with internal customers in support to reduce inspection requirements.</li><li>Conduct First piece inspection and qualification.</li><li>Conducts quality control reviews at established inspection points.&#160;</li><li>Verify and assure the inspected results are recorded correctly and filling per quality procedure.</li><li>Ensure effective communication with inspector to ensure latest quality concern and improvement are understood in daily basic prior to start daily activities.</li><li>Containment Action Execution for ;</li><li>Customer feedback.</li><li>Supplier feedback</li><li>QC feedback</li><li>OQC NC reject</li></ul><p><strong>4. Outgoing Inspection responsibility</strong></p><ul><li>Control the product quality per QCP.</li><li>Ensure Outgoing report or customer required quality report on time.</li><li>Prepare the latest version of the check form / software are in use.</li><li>Ensure equipment and infrastructure are in good condition prior use.</li><li>Trains and supports quality personnel to assure effective and competent performance of quality function that meeting the quality plan expectation.</li><li>Manage, issue, track and trend all audit corrective actions</li><li>Work with internal customers in support to reduce inspection requirements.</li><li>Conducts quality control reviews at established inspection points.&#160;</li><li>Verify and assure the inspected results are recorded correctly and filling per quality procedure.</li><li>Ensure effective communication with inspector to ensure latest quality concern and improvement are understood in daily basic prior to start daily activities.</li></ul><p>5. Performs other activities as per superior request.</p><p>6. To comply and take lead in all ISO 9001 and 14001 related activities</p><p><strong>MINIMUM QUALIFICATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILL REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ol><li>Recognized Technical Diploma/Degree</li><li>6 years experience in Quality engineer and/or NPI engineering.</li><li>Preferred experience from EMS or Electrical appliances assembly .</li><li><strong>English and Mandarin language skills must be sufficient to communicate with our counter part.</strong></li><li>Must be willing to travel to Asian suppliers or customers on an as needed basis</li><li>Demonstrated experience with quality auditing, NPI engineering.</li><li>Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills</li><li>Demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast-aced, deadline-driven environment</li><li>Demonstrated understanding of Statistical Process Control (SPC) and experience implementing SPC or similar controls</li><li>Knowledge of ISO9001 and ISO14001 standards and supplier auditing skills.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Inventus Power (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd&#160;</strong>is a US company headquartered in Illinois, USA.</div>
<div>We design, develop and manufacture custom designed battery packs, power supplies and chargers for the commercial, medical, military and government marketplace.</div>
<div>We utilize our operation in Senai (Malaysia), to produce high-volume product lines in support of our overall business.</div>
<div>We are looking for an operational leader who is experienced, committed, competent and highly motivated to increase the success of our company and our Senai team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/product-quality-engineer-pqe-4484633?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4484633&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 