---
title: "GAMUDA LAND SDN BHD Vacancies Executive/Senior Executive - QS (Horizon Hills - Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-01 
excerpt: "GAMUDA LAND SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive/Senior Executive - QS (Horizon Hills - Johor) which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GAMUDA LAND SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive/Senior Executive - QS (Horizon Hills - Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>RESPONSIBILITIES :-</div><div>1)&#160; &#160;Assisting in the management of tender estimate which includes:</div><div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; - checking/monitoring the preparation of Bills of Quantities<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - establishment of net unit rates and cost estimates<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - prepare enquiries for material, labour and plant quotations<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - site visits, site valuations and reports<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - liaison with external consultants<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - inter-departmental coordination activities<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - review measurement of quantities and calculation<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - total cost summary and reports<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - supervising the compilation of tender documents<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - submission of tenders<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; - tender review</div><div>2)&#160; Prepare Interim Certificate (based on Consultant&#8217;s recommendation) for Contractors.</div><div><br>3)&#160; Assisting in cost control of Preliminary Budget throughout project phases.</div><div>4)&#160; Assisting in monitoring the performance of Consultant Quantity Surveyors:<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;- assessing the tender estimates of Consultant Quantity Surveyors<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;- assessing and reporting on the Tenderers&#8217; quotation<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;- preparing the department&#8217;s estimated Budget for works specified</div><div><br>5)&#160; Assist site management in preparation of Variation Works and Progress Claims.</div><div><br>6)&#160; Monitoring and evaluating all RFVs, variation orders, contractual claims and settlement of Final Account.</div><div><br>7) Any other duties that may be assigned from time to time by the management.</div><div><br>8) Pre-Contract Stage</div></div><div><div>&#160; &#160; a) Assist in establishing of project budget<br>&#160; &#160; b) Pre-qualification of tenderers<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Source and identify suitable tenderers, evaluation and recommendation of&#160;tenderers to participate in tender as per</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; tender programme.<br>&#160; &#160; c) Cost analysis&#160;&#160;<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;I&#160; &#160;review pretender estimates, analyse on tenders submitted.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;II&#160; elemental cost analysis for building and infra-structure works.&#160;<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;III carry out cost economic study of alternative specification and design.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;d) Review tender and contract document.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;e) Assist in coordination of procurement exercise, which include calling of tender, review tender report, attend tender&#160; &#160; &#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;interview, negotiate and finalise award.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160;f)&#160; Review and rationalization of rates.</div><div>9) Post Contract Stage</div><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; a) Carry out site valuation and process interim progress claim on monthly&#160;&#160; basis.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; b) Review quotation or claim for variation works submitted by contractors.<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; c) Review final account.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; d) Monitoring contractual status.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; e) Assisting in cost control by monitoring and evaluating RFVs.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; f)&#160; Assist in preparation of financial statement.</div><div>10) Others</div>&#160; &#160; &#160; a) Prepare quotation document for minor works and new works.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; b) Collate and compile cost data report.<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; c) Any other duties that may be assigned from time to time by the management</div><div>REQUIREMENTS :-</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Degree / Diploma / Certificate in Quantity Surveying or Building Technology</li><li>Required skill(s): costing, estimating, Knowledge of Pre and Post contract activities.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>Minimum 2 ~ 5&#160; year(s)&#160; of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in HORIZON HILLS,ISKANDAR PUTERI.</li><li>Preferably Junior/Senior Executives specializing in Quantity Surveying or equivalent.</li><li>Hard working, initiative &amp; able to interact with all staff.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Established in 1995, <strong>Gamuda Land </strong>is&#160;the property development arm of Gamuda Berhad, the leading engineering, construction and infrastructure group in Malaysia and one of Asia&#8217;s premier companies.
	
	<div>
		Gamuda Land focus on creating value beyond property. For over two decades, Gamuda Land has been steadfastly building up a proven track record of delivering innovative developments and creating holistic, sustainable communities, be it vertical or township communities. This is evident in our many award-winning developments that dot Malaysia&#8217;s landscape, as well as Australia, Singapore and Vietnam.</div>
</div>
<div>
	Our commitment is underscored by the strong master planning, innovative place making and exceptional quality that we introduce into every development. The result of our holistic approach is a collection of highly desirable properties that continue to grow in value, evident in our multi-award winning developments like Bandar Botanic, Horizon Hills and Kota Kemuning. We pride ourselves with the latest developments Kundang Estates, Gamuda Gardens, twentyfive.7, HighPark Suites and The Robertson.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-senior-executive-qs-horizon-hills-johor-4454057?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454057&sectionRank=14&token=0~d9080661-2688-448e-b6fe-9463677eb421&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 