---
title: "Flex Vacancies Administrator - (WD110935)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-24 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Administrator - (WD110935) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Administrator - (WD110935)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Administrator</b> position will be based in <b>Skudai, Johor</b>. Person selected for the role will be assisting Manager <span>in the overall administration of the department. Supervises operation of the area (as), also handles special projects for the department.</span></p><p><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Work independently</li></ul><p><b><span>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</span></b></p><ul><li>Demonstrates commitment to implement initiatives.</li><li>May make decisions when management is absent using broad guidelines.</li><li>Provides input for team decisions.</li><li>Prepares program reports for management, client, or others.</li><li>Supervisory Responsibilities.</li><li>Makes daily work assignments.</li><li>Directs the work of employees.</li><li>Reassigns employees from one area to another area as facility needs dictate.</li><li>Prepares written evaluations of assigned employees.</li><li>Enforces facility policies with authority to issue Disciplinary Action</li><li>Compiles data from previous work day and generates reports for management</li><li>Initials time records to authorize variances.</li><li>Interviews applicants that will be assigned to his/her area of responsibility.</li><li>Receives and handles employee complaints</li><li>Participates in training programs and assists in orientation of new staff.</li><li>Annually develops and implements a sound business plan that results in provision of quality care and a maximum return on investment.</li><li>Reviews business plan with department heads at least quarterly to ensure that goals are attained.</li><li>Reviews files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.</li><li>Processes invoices.</li></ul><p><b><span>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</span></b></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess a Bachelor's Degree</li><li>Typically requires a minimum of 7 years of experience in business and/or administration.</li><li>Excellent in English (oral &amp; written)</li><li>Excel, Administration, Analytic, Customer oriented, Emphatic</li></ul><p>AN06</p><p>#LI-AN1</p><b>Job Category</b>Administration<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: dataprotection@flex.com</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/administrator-wd110935-4545937?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545937&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 