---
title: "KLW Wood Products (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Supervisor 生产部主管" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "KLW Wood Products (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor 生产部主管 which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KLW Wood Products (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor 生产部主管</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are currently looking for dedicated and passionate <strong>Production Supervisor</strong> to join our team.&#160;</div><div><strong>So what is your role about?</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and direct daily work of production team</li><li>Inspect Products to verify conformance to specifications and adjustments of machines</li><li>Pro-actively work to identify, assist inresolving, safety, quality and productivity issues.</li><li>Understand the process flow and provide solutions to issues</li><li>Ensure and implement safety regulations for all machine users</li><li>Performs other duties as assigned.&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Who are we looking for ?&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least SPM/"O" Level, Diploma/Degree in Mechanical Engineering</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>Fluent in mandarin to communicate with mandarin speaking clients</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Microsoft Office</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Manufacturing/Production Operations or equivalent.</li></ul><div><div>Are you ready to elevate your working skills and experience? Click the &#8216;<strong>Apply Now&#8217;</strong>&#160;and you are one step ahead to an outstanding career!</div><div><strong>Location:&#160;based in Simpang Renggam,Johor</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Incorporated in Singapore in 1995, HS Optimus Holdings Limited (formerly known as KLW Holdings Limited &#8220;KLW&#8221;) is an investment holding company engaged in door manufacturing as well as property investment and development. It was listed on the SESDAQ board (now known as Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange in 1998.</p><p>HSO&#8217;s high-quality doors, manufactured at its two plants in Malaysia and China, are used in residential and commercial projects in Singapore and exported to distributors and DIY stores in countries like the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States.</p><p>HSO&#8217;s current property investment and development portfolio comprises projects in Australia and Indonesia.</p><p>HS Optimus Wood Products Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as KLW Wood Products (M) Sdn Bhd) is one of the subsidiaries of HS Optimus Holdings Limited which located in Malaysia. Factory space around 243000 sq.ft. It located at Simpang Renggam, Johor.</p><p>HSO is well known for producing high-value and quality door sets for well-known quality home improvement and DIY chain stores and distributors in Europe, USA and Asia. Our products can also be found across residential developments in Singapore such as The Wharf Residence, Waterfront Key, Sophia Residences, The Minton and more.</p><p>HSO is one of the largest medium- to high-end door manufacturers for the following reasons:</p><p>&#8211; Wide spectrum of products</p><p>&#8211; Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Chain of Custody Certification products carrying the FSC label are independently identified to assure customers that they come from forests that are managed to meet the social, economic and ecological needs of present and future generations.</p><p>&#8211; Product quality and innovation.</p><p>Join us now if you want a more challenging and having a fast track career progression.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-生产部主管-4567134?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567134&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 