---
title: "V.S. Industry Berhad Vacancies Fresh Graduate Officer (Business & Management Studies)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "V.S. Industry Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Fresh Graduate Officer (Business & Management Studies) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>V.S. Industry Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Fresh Graduate Officer (Business & Management Studies)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Successful candidates will be offered a full-time permanent job under V.S. Industry Berhad.</div><div>Candidates will be assigned under <strong>COSTING/</strong><b><strong>SOURCING/PLANNING</strong>/PURCHASING/INVENTORY CONTROL&#160;</b>department that relates to his/her education background&#160;</div><div><strong>1. Costing :</strong></div><div>&#8226; Generate sales order from forecast and PO.<br>&#8226; Generate quotations to claim customers.<br>&#8226; Liaise with customer and finance team on invoicing transactions.<br>&#8226; Track tooling parameter and engineering change order to update the latest cost.<br>&#8226; Compile, analyse and summarize product BOM cost.<br>&#8226; Liaise with customers and commercial related issue- cost buyoff, payment, tooling and NRE cost, product cost.<br>&#8226; Upload the finalised product BOM cost for financing transactions in system.</div><div><strong>2. Sourcing:</strong></div><div>&#8226; To lead supplier negotiations recommend supplier selection and encouraged continual improvement.<br>&#8226; To design appropriate reporting and monitoring mechanism that clear highlight cost saving achieved by category / supplier.<br>&#8226; Responsible to source and negotiate from both local and oversea vendor.<br>&#8226; Evaluate vendor&#8217;s quotation to ensure that they are in line with the technical and commercial specification required for the project</div><div><strong>3. Planning:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Plan the weekly production schedule and release to all involved department.<br>&#8226; Plan weekly production schedule based on customer latest forecast provided from master planner.<br>&#8226; Ensure better utilisation of production capacity into highest productivity throughout proper planning.<br>&#8226; Coordinate with related department to ensure material kitting and supply, physical facilities, shipping to make sure delivery of product.</div><div><strong>4. Purchasing:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Received forecast from customer and distribute to vendor.</div><div>&#8226; Issued PO to supplier base on forecast /MRP result and bring material based on production plan.<br>&#8226; Attend production meeting and share the latest information with team member to take necessary action.<br>&#8226; Check material status and reply if there are any changes in order request by customer.<br>&#8226; Need to prepare report if there is any shortage or surplus stock due to forecast changes.<br>&#8226; Prepare aging report for monthly closing inventory.<br>&#8226; Ensure sufficient material to support for production use but also not to over purchase.<br>&#8226; Generate RON, email to inform supplier &amp; follow up on the disposition of these reject.<br>&#8226; Conduct cycle count activities from time to time to ensure physical inventory tally with system stock.<br>&#8226; Check and monitor PO outstanding status and do cancellation when necessary.</div><div><strong>5. Inventory Control:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Perform inventory task to ensure the correct amount of items are in stock.<br>&#8226; Maintain and update ERP system transaction process to ensure inventory are tally with physical.<br>&#8226; Perform Inventory Reconciliation.<br>&#8226; Monitor and maintain system outstanding to ensure month end system freeze.<br>&#8226; Perform ad-hoc duty assign by superior management from time to time.</div><div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma/Degree holder, Preferable in Business Studies or Supply Chain or any related field</li><li>Has a strong desire to learn and ability to maintain high standards work ethics and team spirit.</li><li><strong>Preferable candidate that able to speak mandarin as need to liase with Mandarin speaking customers.</strong></li></ul><div>So if you have the dedication and innovation to help take us to the next level, click apply now!</div></div><div><div><br><strong>Due to the high volume of applicants we receive, please be aware that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for interview within the next 14 days.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>V.S. Industry Berhad (V.S.) was founded in 1982 and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad in 1998. Today V.S. is a leading integrated Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) provider in the region; we are now ranked alongside top global EMS providers &#8211; making the list into the world&#8217;s top 50 EMS providers for 10 consecutive years from 2007 to 2016.</div>
<div>Together with our overseas investments, V.S. has collectively employed a workforce of more than 10,000 people in order to offer one stop manufacturing solutions to world-renowned customers from Europe, Japan and the USA.</div>
<div>Our extensive manufacturing services include plastic injection mould design and fabrication, a wide range of injection tonnage and finishing processes, large scale production of printed circuit boards, automated assembly and final processes of packaging and logistics.</div>
<div>At V.S., we believe that sustainable growth and innovation are within our human capital. To this end, we are actively nurturing talents from various fields to propel our long-term business growth and achieve our Group&#8217;s strategic objectives. Therefore, we welcome interns, fresh college graduates and experience professionals like you to be part of our big family.</div>


Let&#8217;s share your dream with us. Send us your resume or make an appointment with us to explore more!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/fresh-graduate-officer-business-management-studies-4588735?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4588735&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 