---
title: "Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Store Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Store Supervisor which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Store Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>To supervise and control the activities of receiving, incoming clearance, inbound, outbound, kiting to production order, scrap warehouse and schedule waste recording.</li><li>Liaise with IQA to ensure speedy and smooth handling of quality inspection of incoming material.</li><li>Responsible for the inventory accuracy and security of all the materials in the store.</li><li>Undertake quarterly stocktaking activities and weekly cycle count.</li><li>Verify any discrepancies and provide reasons to management for approval.</li><li>Ensure kiting of materials is done on timely basis.</li><li>Ensure on time document submission and posting into ERP system to reflect accurate material movement.</li><li>Monitor and follow-up on SFC production order closing on daily basis to ensure WIP transactions are maintained up to date at all times.</li><li>Ensure correct quantity and materials are delivered to production to fit the work scheduled and done on a timely basis. SFC production order shortage follow up and kiting.</li><li>Liaise with shipping and team for the scrap disposition.</li><li>Enhance the ESD control according to SOP.</li><li>Monitor the product shelf life expiration and call for management review if any.</li><li>Ensure Store Operating Procedures are observed and adhered to at all time.</li><li>Provide on job training and basic training related to ERP system to all subordinate.</li><li>Maintain high standard of housekeeping.</li><li>Perform other duties as assigned at the discretion of the superior and the Supply chain Manager.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement :</strong></p><ul><li>At least a Diploma in Business or Materials Management, preferably with at least 2 years' related experience.</li><li>Good understanding warehouse management.</li><li>Proficiency in both written and spoken English and ability to communicate with all levels of people.&#160;</li><li>Working experience in the contract manufacturing environment preferred.</li><li>Working knowledge of ERP system such as BaaN/SAP/inforLN preferred.</li><li>Excellent communication, strong leadership and analytical skill.</li><li>Self organize &amp; structure, independent and self-motivated.</li></ul><p><strong>Key Result Area ( KRA ) :</strong></p><ul><li>Stock accuracy.</li><li>Location and batch lot accuracy.</li><li>Outbound advise aging control.</li><li>Incoming clearance.</li><li>Stock variance amount impact to P&amp;L</li></ul><p><strong>Authorities/Decisions :</strong></p><ul><li>Inventory transfer (location and warehouse) data entry.</li><li>Staffs leave application.</li><li>Conduct performance appraise store staffs.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Well-established as a world-class player in the Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) market, the ESCATEC Group provides a range of design and manufacturing services to a customer base of leading European and North American OEMs from its facilities located in Asia and Switzerland. Our success is based on our commitment to Customer Satisfaction and Continuous Improvement with uncompromising Business Ethics.</div>
<div>Our goal is to create a work environment that challenges, recognises and rewards each employee&#8217;s contribution to our business goals. At ESCATEC, we value talented people and seek to expand their experience and responsibilities.</div>
<div>Joining ESCATEC means making dreams a reality, delivering customer satisfaction and above all, making a difference. If you want to go further, fly higher, improve your skills, and broaden your horizons, if you have something special to contribute, contact us now!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/store-supervisor-4563871?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4563871&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 