---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Head of Human Resources" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Human Resources which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Human Resources</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is seeking applications for the Head of Human Resources.</p><p><strong>Job purpose</strong></p><p>Responsible for the provision of comprehensive and effective Human Resource (HR) functions to support the delivery of the UoSM Strategic Plan.&#160;</p><p>Lead large-scale HR initiatives across the organisation including workforce planning strategy, compensation and benefits review, reward and recognition, staff development and change management.&#160;</p><p>Develop and maintain beneficial relationships with key external partners to facilitate the achievement of all HR targets using systematic approaches to ensure adherence to all University and Government requirements.&#160;</p><p>Effectively feed into the Senior Management team&#8217;s decision-making processes by providing accurate advice.</p><p><strong>Key accountabilities/primary responsibilities</strong></p><p>1. Lead the development and implementation of HR strategies and initiatives to support UoSM growth and expansion. As part of the implementation, ensure effective communication with all the relevant stakeholders.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>2. Lead the development and implementation of the full spectrum of HR systems including policies, procedures and processes, ensuring legal compliance at all times. In doing so, remain abreast with Government requirements which have impact on HR functions and embed anychanges seamlessly into the systems.</p><p>3. Ensure high-quality and timely staff recruitment across the organisation,following an effective workforce plan. In addition, oversee the onboardingprogramme to ensure that new employees feel welcome and getacquainted with their role, team and the organisation.</p><p>4. Oversee the organisation&#8217;s performance management processes and ensure their effective implementation.</p><p>5. Ensure maintenance and validity of employee documents (e.g. passport,employment pass, teaching permit, insurance policy) and records,following University and Government requirements. As part of this, ensure provision of accurate HR related data including payroll and tax information.</p><p>6. Ensure the management of disciplinary and grievance issues are handled in adherence to relevant University and Government requirements.</p><p>7. Provide effective leadership with respect to the portfolio&#8217;s responsibilities by ensuring that the department:</p><p>&#8226; has staff members in appropriate numbers with abilities, attitudes,motivations, performance levels and position descriptions required to deliver the department&#8217;s responsibilities;</p><p>&#8226; is managed effectively through systematic development and strict adherence to all policies and procedures;</p><p>&#8226;&#160;plans and manages its budget and resources efficiently and effectively;</p><p>&#8226; complies with relevant University Regulations and Government requirements;</p><p>&#8226; provide accurate advice on matters related to the department responsibilities;</p><p>&#8226; reports professionally and accurately on matters related to the department&#8217;s responsibilities;</p><p>&#8226; engages effectively with staff and relevant stakeholders in providing its services; and</p><p>&#8226; manages complaints and incidents in an effective and timely manner.</p><p>8. Accept any other delegations and responsibilities as allocated by the line manager.<strong>&#160;</strong></p><p><strong>Person Specification</strong></p><ul><li>Good and relevant first degree or equivalent qualification.</li><li>Substantial experience in HR practice at management level.</li><li>Excellent analytical and report writing skills.</li><li>Understanding of and familiarity with Malaysian Employment Law and PDPA.</li><li>Able to plan and organise individual and team activities with an appreciation of longer-term challenges and opportunities, ensuring plan complement and feed into broader operational plans.</li><li>Strong project management skills and coordination of a number of stakeholders and simultaneous projects in sometimes complex relationships and to multiple deadlines.</li><li>Ability to take strategic view in a fast-moving and dynamic environment.</li><li>Ability to lead large initiative, driving activity to completion while managing detail, and reporting on progress to date.</li><li>Able to use professional knowledge and experience to identify issues, trends and problems and manage resources towards those goals.</li><li>Must be self-sufficient, capable of target setting and monitoring, actively seeking information from internal or external sources as required.</li><li>Able to assess complex situations and provide solutions.</li><li>Evidence of managing a team to ensure the successful delivery of objectives.</li><li>Must be a team player able to work collaboratively with others to disseminate and share knowledge and information</li><li>Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to persuade, influence and collaborate with a wide range of people of different backgrounds and expertise, internally and externally.</li><li>Excellent writing skills with ability to present complex issues in a focused, succinct, professional and persuasive manner.</li><li>Ability to develop effective policies, procedures and processes.</li><li>Able to deal with sensitive information in a confidential manner.</li><li>Work well in a changing environment.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-human-resources-4544404?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4544404&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 