---
title: "FAVE ASIA SDN BHD Vacancies Business Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "FAVE ASIA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Development Executive which based in Kota Kinabalu" 
tags: [Kota Kinabalu] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>FAVE ASIA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Development Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Fave is looking for highly motivated and goal-driven individuals to join our Fave Business Development teams based in the various locations (Klang Valley, Ipoh, Penang, Johor Bharu, Kuching, Kota Kinabalu) within Malaysia.</p><p><span>As a&#160;Business Development Executive, you&#160;will:-&#160;</span></p><ul><li>Increase the awareness and adoption rate of Fave Fintech products or digital solutions (ie, FavePay, FaveDeals, eCards, PoS Terminal &amp;, etc) within the local merchant/SME market.</li><li>Help local merchants/SMEs connect better with their customers and grow their business by adopting and implementing our fintech products and digital solutions.</li><li><strong>Acquire Merchants</strong><strong>&#160;</strong>- Uncover new business opportunities and effectively manage pipeline and merchant acquisitions.</li><li><strong>Manage and grow your portfolio</strong><span>&#160;</span>- Work closely with merchants through the entire sales cycle - by helping them grow their business, connect with their customers using Fave products and deliver a great merchant experience.</li><li><strong>Build your network</strong>&#160;- Collaborate and work closely with amazing, innovative, and fun internal stakeholders on various projects and initiatives. Make the most out of the opportunities to connect or work with key leaders from various industries.</li><li><strong>Incentive</strong><strong>&#160;</strong>-&#160;Attractive and competitive performance-based commission structure.</li></ul><p><span>Requirements:-</span></p><ul><li>Highly motivated and goal-driven individual&#160;</li><li>An ability to relate to both merchants and customers to seek out the best deals that work for both parties</li><li>1-2 years of working experience in sales or related field is a plus&#160;</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills and communication skills</li><li>Proactive, go-getter with great attention to details</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Fave is Southeast Asia's fast growing fintech platform providing payments &amp; loyalty solutions to offline merchants to grow and connect with their customers in a whole new way. Fave is on a mission to accelerate the offline world&#8217;s transition to the digital economy by putting growth at the centre of our merchants, our customers, our people and our partners because growth is good for everyone.</p><p>Fave connects merchants and consumers to deliver seamless QR payment experience and merchant loyalty cashback rewards. It serves as a payment aggregator for the most popular cards (Visa, Mastercard, AMEX) and wallets (GrabPay, Boost, OVO). Integrated with other strategic partners Fave offers merchants more value add and more customer exposure through marketing, data, financing and operations. Merchants can now focus on what they do best for their customers; because everything else is taken care of.</p><p>Hustling in a fast-paced scaling up start-up can be incredibly rewarding. At Fave, we make it all the more fun with offices designed for collaboration, productivity, and play. You get unlimited access to people (founders included), opportunities to learn, coffee, and WiFi &#8211; and we consider these the basic necessities! There&#8217;s also an office indoor mini golf course, ping pong, cool pantry, FaveUp learning sessions featuring industry veterans, movie nights, and lots more!</p><p>If being a part of a digital revolution in the fastest-growing region in the world excites you, get in touch today!&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kota Kinabalu. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-development-executive-4518859?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4518859&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 