---
title: "MJ HEALTH SCREENING CENTER SDN BHD Vacancies PHARMACIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "MJ HEALTH SCREENING CENTER SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST which based in Kluang" 
tags: [Kluang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MJ HEALTH SCREENING CENTER SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the day-to-day business operation of a pharmacy and executive all pharmaceutical functions.</li><li>Counsel clients on medication regiments and health conditions.</li><li>Dispense medications and recommend suitable health supplements or other products to promote preventive care.</li><li>Provide basic health screenings and other related patient care services.</li><li>Lead your team in delivering exceptional customer experience at all times.</li><li>Maintain safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules and regulations.</li><li>Accountable for the sales of the assigned branch.</li><li>Accountable for stockholding / inventory control.</li><li>Align with organization's vision and direction.</li><li>Other ad-hoc task assigned by management from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Qualification</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Bachelor's Degree/Master's Degree in Pharmacy</strong></li><li><strong>Minimum 1year of working experience</strong></li><li><strong>Registered with Pharmacy Board of Malaysia and eligible to obtain License A.</strong></li><li><strong>Able to perform shift duties and willing to reallocate if required</strong></li><li><strong>Passionate towards pharmacy practice and providing best healthcare to communities.</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MJ provide comprehensive health screening programs, which aim to create awareness of preventive is better than cure health concept to the MJ clients and pursues a balance between physical and mental health with enhancement in healthy lifestyle for all mankind.&#160;Our mission is to provide healthy living for people starting from every family and striving for total quality living and enjoying happy and healthy family lifestyle for all.&#160;MJ healthcare&#160;management platform comprises three main areas of &#8220; Screening &#8220; , &#8220;Evaluation &#8220; , and &#8220; Health Management&#8221;, and broken down into eight phases including screening, monitoring, analysing, evaluating, predicting, alerting, making interventions, and following-up to provide health conscious people with the tools they need to manage health and prevent disease.&#160;MJ&#8217;s Philosophy: Live Long, Live Well, and Stay Young&#160;For MJ, health is not just about not getting sick or getting sick less often. MJ wants to use its diverse health management strategies to help people &#8220;live long, live well, and stay young&#8221; and live more active and meaningful lives!&#160;&#160;MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System, characterized as &#8220;High Efficiency, High Quantity, High Quality, Low Lost&#8221;,&#8221; has been providing MJ clients with quality preventive health services that are safe, comfortable, independent, private, and convenient. With the humanized and highly efficient &#8220;computerized cross-scheduling function,&#8221; MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System allows a subject to complete over a hundred of examinations and reports within four hours. MJ is indeed a worldwide pioneer in the field of health management.In additional, MJ HSC also offer personalized health management consultation, aesthetic services, regenerative medicine such as stem cell therapy &amp; immunotheraphy to create total health management platform accessible to ten million people.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kluang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4591568?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4591568&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 