---
title: "Infinity 8 Vacancies Senior Recruiter" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-24 
excerpt: "Infinity 8 is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Recruiter which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Infinity 8 is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Recruiter</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The <strong>Senior Recruiter</strong> will be responsible for primary oversight and management of sourcing the best possible candidates and matching them to positions for proposals and projects. The <strong>Senior Recruiter</strong> will focus on talent sourcing, candidate identification, networking and relationship building with potential candidates, attending networking events, and will introduce and monitor recruitment best practices including development and management of Infinity8 recruitment processes, procedures, and systems.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Manage the selection process, including requisition management, development of position descriptions and recruitment strategy, candidate selection, reference and background checks, salary negotiations, and the facilitation of the on-boarding process.</li><li>Conduct recruitment strategy meetings with Hiring Managers to ensure a complete understanding of the job requirements, candidate matches, and the qualifications needed to fill the role.</li><li>Use findings to develop and execute effective sourcing strategies, assessments, and closing approaches.</li><li>Review applications and assess candidate qualifications against criteria established in the project job descriptions or Scope of Work requirements.</li><li>Conduct thorough candidate prescreening interviews and recommend highly qualified and diverse candidates who meet the requirements for the role.</li><li>Collect relevant personnel documentation.</li><li>Negotiate the compensation rate and packages with long-term and short-term staff.</li><li>Provide daily/weekly reports to hiring managers on a timely basis regarding status relating to all positions; including outreach and response for each position as needed.</li><li>Supervise and mentor the recruitment team.</li></ul><p><strong>Human Resources Management (preferred)</strong></p><ul><li>Oversee maintenance of personnel files and all HR record keeping ensuring that the department documentation is audit-ready at all times.</li><li>Manage and provide guidance in the areas of benefits administration, employee relations, policies and procedures.</li><li>Develop, implement, and ensure regular update on all HR policies, process and procedures to adhere to rules and regulations.</li><li>Prepare appropriate approval documents for transfers, promotions, salary changes, and other staffing changes.</li><li>Stay current on the organization structure, personnel policy, and employment laws regarding employment practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree preferably with 3 to 5 years relevant experience</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>A collaborative team player and able to multi-task and work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment</li><li>Comprehensive HR knowledge, especially hands-on experience in employee relations and performance management.</li><li>Proficient in English and Mandarin (preferably) to communicate with Mandarin speaking clients.&#160;</li><li>Only shortlisted candidate(s) will be notified.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	We redesign your traditional office space to be motivational. We believe motivation creates productivity and creativity.&#160;We&#160;redefine work. We believe work and challenges can be fun too. Collaboration should prevail over competition. Work life balance is also made possible in our co-working spaces.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-recruiter-4547221?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4547221&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 