---
title: "INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Logistic Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-09 
excerpt: "INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistic Officer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistic Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Responsibilities:</p><p>&#8226;	Communicate with internal departments to ensure all shipment/ activities fulfill the LMW licensing guidelines.</p><p>&#8226;	Administration and filing of import and export licenses, custom declarations and custom tax exemptions and sales tax exemptions.</p><p>&#8226;	To prepare&amp; submit LMW Monthly reports timely and accurately.</p><p>&#8226;	To keep track for the exemptions. Ensure does not exceed the approved limit</p><p>&#8226;	Renew the exemption before expired.</p><p>&#8226;	To ensure the HS Code is used correctly.</p><p>&#8226;	Apply for the exemptions as per requested and prepare all necessary documents for the custom application.</p><p>&#8226;	Do local sales K9, subcon K9, GPB-1 and other relating custom documents.</p><p>&#8226;	Basic knowledge for all LMW applications such as GPB, K9 and Scraps.</p><p>&#8226;	To handle, co-ordinate, supervise all procedures and documentation pertaining to shipments, including liaising with production, warehouse, freight forwarders and shipping liners.</p><p>&#8226;	Full accountability in planning and monitoring daily incoming and outgoing shipments.</p><p>Job Requirements:</p><p>&#8226;	Possess good analytical, communication and negotiation skill&#160;</p><p>&#8226;	Integrity, high professional ethics, initiative, quick response team player with confidentially awareness is preferable</p><p>&#8226;	master in MS Office including Work, Excel and PPT</p><p>&#8226;	Candidate who familiar with import and export materials declaration process, Basic knowledge for all LMW applications such is preferred</p><p>&#8226;	Posses own tranport/D License for mobility to Custom Department.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Insut (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd&#160;is a well-established China based manufacturing company in Plastic Injection Molding with Assembly.</p><p>&#160;INTRETECH</p><p>In my heart</p><p>Nothing is impossible</p><p>To be No. 1</p><p>Responsibility and</p><p>Execution are very important</p><p>To be professional</p><p>Enjoy the work</p><p>Create 1st class product and</p><p>High value for customer</p><p>Insut was invested and founded by Xiamen Insut Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 002925). It has strong manufacturing capabilities and a complete management system. It focuses on the design and manufacture of precision plastic molds, precision plastic structural parts injection molding, Surface treatment and assembly.&#160;Currently serving consumer electronics, medical, food, smart home, automotive and other industries, it has formed an integrated service system of R&amp;D, design, production and sales.</p><p>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Surplus plastic&#160;(Insut)&#160;in response to market demand, the company has set up in Longhai, Zhangzhou, Suzhou, Malaysia, Hungary four wholly-owned subsidiaries, currently covers an area of 100,000 square meters, has a total staff of more than 1,500 people.&#160;The company has passed ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO13485, IATF16949 and BRC certification.&#160;It has formed a highly informatized and automated intelligent manufacturing system to meet the needs of integrated services such as collaborative development, customized services, flexible production, and information interconnection. It adheres to the core concept of "team, agility, prosperity, homeland", and uses world-class equipment to do First-class products, we are committed to becoming a world-class provider of integrated solutions for precision plastic structural parts.</p><p>Insut (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd was founded by Zhangzhou Insut Industry Co, LTD at February 2020 and established at July 2020.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistic-officer-4559687?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4559687&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 