---
title: "JB Cocoa Sdn Bhd Vacancies Logistics Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "JB Cocoa Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistics Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JB Cocoa Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistics Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>General Logistics &amp; Planning</strong></p><ul><li>To make comparison for ocean / air freight and to conduct negotiation with forwarding companies whenever necessary.</li><li>To place booking with shipping liner / freight forwarder.</li><li>To liaise with respective customers in order to get shipping instruction or providing updated shipment details.</li><li>&#160;To ensure the completion of all <span>inwards/outwards shipping documentations as well as to ensure all overseas imports/exports are on smooth flow with timely clearance and on time arrival/delivery.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Export</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;To receive sales contract from sales &amp; marketing personnel and to arrange the shipment(s) either by sea, air or trucking.</li><li>To make comparison for ocean / air freight and to conduct negotiation with forwarding companies whenever necessary, before booking placed.</li><li>To coordinate with haulier and forwarder in order to truck in empty container for stuffing and thereafter, truck out laden container after completion of stuffing.</li><li>To coordinate with warehouse personnel for stuffing arrangement.</li><li>&#160;To liaise with respective customers in order to get shipping instruction or providing updated shipment details.</li><li>To prepare full set of shipping documents based on customer&#8217;s requirements.</li><li>To perform checking and verification on external invoices involving shipping liners, forwarders, hauliers, fumigation and others.</li><li>&#160;To liaise with government authorities i.e. customs to ensure the compliance with the custom procedures for all export oriented shipments.</li><li>&#160;To maintain a systematic export shipping documents filing which is retrievable whenever is required.</li></ul><p><strong>&#160;Import</strong></p><ul><li>To issue Shipping Instructions to suppliers based on Purchase Order&#8217;s shipment terms.</li><li>To receive shipment details from suppliers in order to notify buyer the import shipment details, and / or receive arrival notice from liner to inform consignee the estimated cargo arrival date at discharged port.</li><li>To receive, verify and endorse full set of import shipping documents from suppliers.</li><li>To arrange for cargo discharge and custom declaration/clearance.</li><li>To liaise with warehouse on the manpower arrangements for cargo discharge/unloading process.</li><li>To liaise with government authorities i.e. customs to ensure the compliance with the custom procedures for all import oriented shipments.</li><li>&#160;To maintain a systematic import shipping documents filing which is retrievable whenever is required.</li></ul><ul><li><strong><em>Certificate in KEK (Sijil Kursus Ejen Kastam) is an added advantage</em></strong></li></ul><br></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Founded in the 1980s,&#160;JB Cocoa is&#160;one of the major cocoa ingredient producers in Malaysia, and is the main subsidiary of&#160;JB Foods Limited which listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST") on 23 Jul 2012.</p><p>We are specializing in manufacturing cocoa powder and cocoa butter. By using the latest technology and technical know-how from Europe, our products are marketed all over 5 continents. Due to the good recognition in the industry, we are being able to attract one of the larger cocoa trading company in America as our join-venture partner at Port of Tanjung Pelepas (PTP), Johor.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistics-executive-4546866?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546866&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 