---
title: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd Vacancies Company Secretary Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Company Secretary Executive which based in Pontian" 
tags: [Pontian] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Company Secretary Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p><span>We have been in the animal feed industry for 50 years and because of our consistent performance, our products are widely used in many Asian countries such as China, Indo-China, South East Asia and Korea.</span></p><p><span>As we are expanding further, we are looking for a dedicated Company Secretary to handle all legal and administrative aspect of the company.</span></p><p><span>You will also be required to provide advise/training on corporate governance matters to all the directors and members of the senior leadership team.</span></p><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Ensure any change in the statutory information below should be duly completed in the relevant prescribed forms and lodged with the SSM within the required period.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Advise the board of directors of the relevant dates for holding the company&#8217;s annual general meeting, filing annual return, submitting financial statement.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Arranging and liaising with the chairman and/or managing director for agenda papers and items for the agenda, booking and preparing the meeting room, attending, and taking down minutes of meeting, maintain minutes meeting records, following up on decisions made, lodging statutory returns as appropriate, certifying copies of minutes, ensuring correct meeting procedure are followed.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Ensure that the company complies with its constitution and drafting/incorporating amendments in accordance with correct procedures.&#160;</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Responsible to maintain the company&#8217;s register of members, deal with transfer of shares and other matters relating to shareholding and responsible to keeps in safe custody of the company seal and original share certificates.&#160;</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Maintain constant communication and acts as a link between the company and shareholders through circular resolutions, issues documents regarding rights issues and capitalisation issues, monitor changes within the register of members to identify potential takeover bid, make enquiries about the ultimate beneficial ownership of shareholdings, general shareholder relations, etc.&#160;</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Able to keep themselves abreast with the latest development of the company and securities laws so that they can always advise the board on proper corporate governance matters, assist directors with respect to their duties and responsibilities, compliance with company and securities laws and Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements (for public listed companies).&#160;</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>The company secretary is the primary point of contact between shareholders and directors, and between company and SSM. He also plays a key role in the event of a corporate exercise (merger, acquisition, disposal, winding up) where he has a duty to ensure the effectiveness of all documentation, ensuring due diligence disclosures, enabling proper commercial evaluation prior to completion of a transaction and timely execution of documentation, etc.&#160;</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Responsible to handle Malaysia and Singapore Company according to the law for both countries.</span></li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li><span>Possess minimum Diploma in Secretarial Science, Business Management, Business Administrative and any related fields.</span></li><li><span>Possess at least 5 years of experience in similar role.</span></li><li><span>Professional Qualification in Corporate Secretarial.</span></li><li><span>Meticulous, neat and pay attention to details.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Experienced and well-versed with company law.</span></li><li><span>Strong interpersonal and good communication skills</span></li><li><span>Responsible, team player and able to meet tight deadlines.</span></li><li><span>Fluent in both written and spoken English is a must and able to communicate in Mandarin is an advantage.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd and its sister companies such as Lam Tak (Pte) Ltd&#160;are in food recycling and feed raw material manufacturing and trading.&#160;It owns 2 feed manufacturing factories and 1 insect farming site in Singapore and Johor.&#160;&#160;We also engage in international trading, covering Europe, USA, and Asian countries.&#160;&#160;Our suppliers and customers included world renowned companies such as Nestle, Prima Flour Mill, Arla Ingredients, Cargill, CP Group and etc.&#160;</p><p>Since 2014, the companies have been growing at average 40% growth rate.</p><p>Lam Tak Group of Company is a successful business and was nominated as finalist of the Emerging Enterprise Award 2020.</p><p>Website for the group of companies:&#160;www.lamtak.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Pontian. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/company-secretary-executive-4567450?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567450&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 