---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Logistic Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-01 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistic Officer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistic Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Summary</strong><br>Plan, direct, or coordinate purchasing, warehousing, distribution, forecasting, customer service, or planning services. Manage logistics personnel and logistics systems and direct daily operations</div><div><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure compliance LMW procedures and rules for HID Malaysia and liase with government for declaration and documentation.</li><li>To handle all related matters which related to LMW, Customs and Logistic function</li><li>Export &amp; import permit exemption application to customs, shipping documentation, sub-con application, scrap, equipment &amp; spare parts and monthly and yearly LMW reporting for raw materials, scraps, FG.</li><li>Involve in regular audit activities on customs inspection</li><li>Dealing with freight forwarders for import and export shipments</li><li>Ensure all activities are performed in a manner that does not create unnecessary environment impacts.</li><li>Comply with all environmental control procedures</li><li>Report or feedback environmental incidences or improvements needed.</li><li>Ensure all activities within their area of control is conducted in a manner that complies with environmental control procedures and does not create unnecessary environmental impacts</li><li>Monitor and ensure compliance to environmental operational controls and compliance with applicable legal and other requirements.</li><li>Communicate clear roles and responsibility for environmental control</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum of SPM or at least 2 years of relevant working experience in manufacturing environment</li><li>Able to read and write in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li></ul><div><strong>Education and/or Experience&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Knowledge of administrative procedures</li></ul><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br><strong>Language Skills&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Ability to effectively communicate in the English language verbally and in writing.</li></ul><div>&#160;<br><strong>Computer Skills&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Knowledge in SAP/ Oracle</li><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li></ul><div><strong>Customer Expectations</strong></div><ul><li>Proactive</li><li>Good communication skills</li><li>Understand the customer&#8217;s needs and demands, and react to the situation</li></ul><div><strong>Work Environment</strong></div><ul><li>Employee works primarily in a manufacturing environment, with in a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels.</li></ul><div><strong>Work Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Compliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistic-officer-4473905?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473905&sectionRank=3&token=0~8c9ce4a9-5b56-4d25-ba7c-8c917cae6a66&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 