---
title: "L & Co PLT Vacancies Human Resources Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "L & Co PLT is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>L & Co PLT is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Work Location:</strong></p><p>Johor HQ: 18A, 20 &amp; 20A, Jalan Sasa 2, Taman Gaya, 81800 Ulu Tiram, Johor</p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Human Resources Management or equivalent</li><li>Require language(s): Mandarin, English, Bahasa Malaysia</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>To perform full spectrum of HR operation functions include payroll, staff claim, performance appraisal, preparing letters, attendance and records, compensation, reports and policies and employee relations</li><li>To perform recruitment processes including advertising, sourcing, screening, interviewing, reference checks and exit interviews</li><li>To manage and coordinate company training, events and programs</li><li>To carry out any other tasks assigned by management</li></ul><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><p><strong>New join employee</strong></p><ul><li>Weekly sport activities</li><li>3 days study leave per exam taken</li></ul><p><strong>Working more than 3 months</strong></p><ul><li>Meal allowance - RM100 /month (Cash)</li><li>Parking fee subsidy</li></ul><p><strong>Working more than 6 months</strong></p><ul><li>Company trip travel allowance - RM500/ year (Claimable only when join the company trip)</li><li>Meal allowance - RM100/ month (Cash) (Total RM200)</li></ul><p><strong>Working more than 1 year</strong></p><ul><li>Petrol allowance - RM200 / month (Cash)</li><li>Relax allowance - RM100/ month (Cash)</li><li>Company trip travel allowance&#160;- RM1,000/ year (Claimable only when join the company trip)</li><li>Full subsidy for the fee of 20 CPD point (For ACCA, MIA or CTIM member only)</li><li>Allowance for exam fee of professional examinations (Claimable only when pass the exam)</li><li>Allowance for subscription fee of professional body (Claimable even haven&#8217;t finish the exam) (eg. CPA, ACCA, MIA, etc)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>L &amp; Co. &#8211; A member firm of Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA), Approved Company Auditor, Income Tax Agent and GST Agent &#8211; was establish to assist Malaysia Small and Medium Enterprises on their company financial statement statutory audit, taxation and GST (Goods and Services Tax) affairs. Our office is located at Johor, Penang and Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>There are around 2000 registered professional (audit or non-audit) firm in Malaysia now and 200 of these firm located at Johor area. We are one of the registered audit firm that have received the approved company auditors' license from the Ministry of Finance Malaysia (MOF) under Section 8 of Companies Act 1965. This allow company registered in Malaysia appoint us as their company external auditor to audit and express our opinion for their company financial statement.</p><p>We are also approved Tax Agent registered with Inland Revenue Board (IRB) under Section 153(3) of Income Tax Act 1967. As a professional tax consultant, we advise and assist our client in their company or individual income tax compliance and submIssion according to Income Tax Act 1967, IRB's public ruling, Tax audit &amp; investigation framworks, Tax technical guideline and etc. We also advice client on income tax incentives which are available and best suited for them.</p><p>Our clientele portfolios include local business corporations (e.g. manufacturing, constructions, plantations, global trader, etc), professional services providers (e.g. doctor, lawyer, etc), not-for-profit organizations and multinationals. We play an important role in assisting them by providing consistent standard of services based on high order professional capabilities and local knowledge.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-executive-4578310?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4578310&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 