---
title: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior HR Executive / HR Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior HR Executive / HR Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior HR Executive / HR Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>To join a pioneer HR team as a Senior Executive/Executive to set up the HR Department and to support the overall day-to-day operation; act as main contact point to internal/external clients for general enquiries and issue resolutions in defined areas of the overall HR spectrum.<div><strong>Client Details</strong></div><div>We are currently representing our client, new start up manufacturing plant based in Senai, Johor. Having said that, they are looking for dynamic and result oriented candidate to join their team!</div><div><strong>Description</strong></div><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Supports the recruitment and selection of all staff for the company.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Works on outsourcing a proportion of training programs to 3rd party service providers and trainers; to &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; manage the evaluation of 3rd party service providers for consideration by Management.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Manage site payroll, social security, provident fund and other HR operations; Monitor the quality of service</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Leadership of HR &amp; Administration team; Provide guidance, feedback, coach to subordinates</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Conducts Group Induction and other Training programs from time to time.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Reviews and updates the Employee Handbook on a periodic basis to ensure that it is updated from time &#160; &#160; &#160; to time and with relevant policies for improvement and in the Company's Staff e-Portal.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Ensure site HR policies, processes, and programs are enforced in a fair and consistent manner. Make &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; recommendations for improvement or adjustments where necessary.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Overall in charge of the Group's disciplinary process including investigation into misconducts; preparing &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;show cause letters; conducting domestic inquiries and recommending the appropriate punishment to be &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;meted out;</li></ul><strong>Profile</strong><ul><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's degree in Human Resource Management. Experience in managing high volume and complex payroll processes.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Minimum 4 years working in manufacturing environment in Human Resources.</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Enjoys working with diverse stakeholder groups and is results orientated</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Able to work in a fast paced and demanding environment</li><li>&#160;&#160;&#160; Communicates effectively and is a collaborative relationship builder</li></ul><div><strong>Job Offer</strong></div><ul><li>Great remuneration and rewards culture</li><li>A market leading organisation</li><li>Strong succession planning for future progression</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Whether you're searching for your dream job or looking to recruit the ideal person for your business, then we can help. At Michael Page we've been bringing job seekers and employers together for more than 30 years.</div><div><div>We employ specialist consultants for each job sector that we cover. This ensures every consultant is an expert on their specific industry and is able to offer expert advice to help find the right job for you. Our globally recognised brand attracts the highest quality employers from around the world ensuring that we always have a great range of jobs available.</div><div>So if you're looking to take your career to the next level, visit www.michaelpage.com.my</div><div><strong>About Michael Page</strong></div><div>Michael Page International is a leading professional recruitment consultancy specialising in the recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary positions on behalf of the world&#8217;s top employers. The Group operates through 155 offices in 35 countries worldwide. We have operations in the UK, Continental Europe, Asia Pacific and the Americas and focus on recruiting for the following sectors:<div><ul><li>Accounting</li><li>Banking</li><li>Engineering &amp; Manufacturing</li><li>Healthcare and Life Sciences</li><li>Human Resources</li><li>IT &amp; T</li><li>Legal</li><li>Marketing</li><li>Procurement &amp; Supply Chain</li><li>Property &amp; Construction&#160;</li><li>Sales</li><li>Secretarial &amp; Office Support</li></ul></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-hr-executive-hr-executive-4494202?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4494202&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 