---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Sales &amp; Marketing Executive</strong></p><p>Johor - Senai</p><p><strong>What does a Sales &amp; Marketing Executive job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>Prepare and conduct weekly and monthly marketing plans for customer and sales leads.</li><li>Achieve personal revenue and sale goals setting by department HOD/Director.</li><li>Develop and grow new customers to provide new business opportunities for company growth.</li><li>Accountable for outstanding receivable on assigned customers for timely collections.</li><li>Serve as a focal point for all Oil &amp; Gas clients to facilitate commercial proposal preparation, communications, and documentation.</li><li>Work closely with Lima Bintang internal operation and project team in Port Klang/Johor/Kemaman/Singapore for all domestic and cross-border logistics activities to optimize the equipment utilization.</li></ul><p><strong>Key skills and qualifications of a Sales &amp; Marketing Executive:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in any discipline; good knowledge in Oil &amp; Gas industry will be an added advantage.</li><li>Minimum 3-5 years of work experience in provide&#160;<strong>logistics services</strong>&#160;to manufacturing, construction, chemical, and oil and gas industry.</li><li>Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements.</li><li>Excellent communication skills, spoken and written in Mandarin, English, Bahasa Melayu and Japanese.</li><li>Preferably with freight forwarding working background will be an added advantage.</li><li>Aggressive, sales orientated, good in negotiation, good in teamwork.</li><li>Must be literate in Microsoft Office applications; ability to prepare PowerPoint presentations, tender documentation, and method statements, project scheduling, etc.</li><li>Willingness to travel overseas for job assignments.</li><li>Possess own transport (motorcar).</li></ul><p><strong>Benefit:</strong></p><ul><li>5 working days (9 am &#8211; 6 pm)</li><li>Yearly increment</li><li>Allowances</li><li>Commission</li><li>Medical</li><li>Dental</li><li>Replacement leave</li><li>Training, and</li><li>Others</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-marketing-executive-4485433?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485433&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 