---
title: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies ENGINEER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ENGINEER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ENGINEER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>ENGINEERING</strong></p><ul><li>Manage a team of technicians to establish and maintain manufacturing control systems for equipment, process, product, automation, and box build.</li><li>Design an optimized manufacturing processes flow to meet customer product quality and delivery.</li><li>Develop, evaluate, and improve manufacturing methods driving on quality, cost and yield improvement.</li><li>Analyze and plan workforce utilization, space requirements, workflow, design layout of equipment, workspace for maximum efficiency and automation implementation.</li><li>Responsible for maintaining and improving all equipment/processes related to efficiency, cycle times, capacity and capabilities.</li><li>Coordinate with customers to determine product specifications and design changes.</li><li>Participate in early NPI involvement &amp; new capabilities readiness for mass production.</li></ul><p><strong>QUALITY ENGINEER</strong></p><ul><li>To lead a team of QC inspector to ensure all products shipped to clients are comply to specification &amp; requirement.</li><li>Preparation of product Control Plan, layout sampling procedures, develops forms and instructions for recording, evaluating, and reporting quality and reliability data.</li><li>Develops and implements methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision and accuracy of products and/or production equipment.</li><li>Responsible on the final disposition decision of any non-conformance raw material/component/ finish goods.</li><li>Coordinate inspectors engaged in measuring and testing product and tabulating data concerning materials, product or process quality and reliability.</li><li>Preparation of training material and conducts training sessions on quality control activities.</li><li>Supports Product Engineers and Quality Managers with customer interfaces as necessary on quality related issues.</li><li>Assures data availability and integrity for all quality related data. Consolidates and reports quality results.</li><li>Initiates corrective action requests as needed and tracks to satisfactory completion.</li><li>Assists with development and implementation of quality audits.</li><li>Responsible for developing, applying, revising, and maintaining quality standards for processing materials into partially finished or finished products.</li><li>Analyses reported and returned products and recommends corrective action.</li></ul><p>&#160;<strong>MAINTENANCE ENGINEER</strong></p><ul><li><span>Design maintenance strategies, procedures, and method.</span></li><li><span>Carry out routine maintenance work and respond to equipment faults.</span></li><li><span>Diagnose breakdown problems, control maintenance tools, stores, and equipment.</span></li><li><span>Deal with emergencies, unplanned problems and repairs and work with specialist equipment, such as programmable logic controllers (PLC), which control machinery on factory assembly lines.</span></li><li><span>Write maintenance strategies to help with installation and commissioning guidelines and ensure there is continuous cover of the machinery and equipment in case of breakdowns.</span></li><li><span>Inspecting equipment and conducting routine maintenance.</span></li><li><span>Servicing, replacing old or faulty equipment and removing old equipment and installing new machines.</span></li><li><span>Troubleshooting equipment malfunctions, proving technical support and training on new equipment.</span></li><li><span>Responding to customer callouts.</span></li><li><span>Adhering to all safety and performance regulations.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, in related field.</span></li><li><span>At least 3-year(s) of working experience in engineering programs, major on electronics (PCBA) commodities.</span></li><li><span>Candidates fluent in&#160;Mandarin&#160;preferred as role requires candidate to deal with mandarin speaking clients.</span></li><li><span>Candidate with engineering background under the EMS environment will have added advantage</span></li><li><span>Experience in working with customers&#160;directly.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We Are One of the&#160;Malaysia Based Contract Manufacturer (CM) Specialize In The EMS SMT Manufacturing And Box Built&#160;Assembly Of Electronical Products In The Field Of&#160;Wireless Communication.&#160;</p><p>We were established in 2010</p><p>Group Established 1996</p><p>Paid Up Capital RM 20 Million</p><p>Factory Area 150,000 Sq Ft</p><p>Quality System ISO9001 &amp; 14001 ISO13485:2003</p><p>Total Staff Strength: 300</p><p>To support its business expansion, we invite dynamic, committed, self-motivated and qualified candidates to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineer-4570719?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4570719&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 