---
title: "Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Shipping Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-07 
excerpt: "Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Shipping Officer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Escatec Mechatronics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Shipping Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><strong>Job Description :</strong></li><li>&#160;</li><li>Oversees all shipping and customs related activities.</li><li>Ensure proper administration of shipping procedures and documents for import and exports.</li><li>Ensure proper packing for outgoing cargoes, including marking prior export.</li><li>To ensure shipments are delivered to customers at the specified quantity and time.</li><li>Supervise cargoes loading into container / Lorries.</li><li>Provide information to customers on shipment details.</li><li>Coordinate and support SCO/KAM for Import and Export activities.</li><li>Coordinate and support for the reverse logistic such as return reject to supplier, collection of reject from customer side.</li><li>Arrange transport and declaration arrangements with forwarders.</li><li>Arrange courier-forwarding service for documents and parcels.</li><li>Coordinate incoming and outgoing shipments with the respective forwarding agents.</li><li>Compile the various reports relating to shipments with the respective forwarding agents.</li><li>Compile shipping documents which need to be endorsed by bank.</li><li>GSP/AFCTA , MITI/MIDA application.</li><li>Prepare and submit monthly report ( ATS/GST)&#160;to custom and DOE department.</li><li>Negotiate and monitor the flight rate. Ensure all the quotation to be endorsed by section head/manager.</li><li>Draft and update the procedures according to the latest changes in operation / requirement.</li><li>Ensure Operating Procedures are observed and adhered to at all time.</li><li>Custom license application&#160;and renewal&#160;( LMW, GST, ATS etc).</li><li>Perform other duties as assigned at discretion of the section head/manager and Supply chain Manager.</li><li>&#160;</li><li>&#160;</li><li><strong>Job Requirement :</strong></li><li>&#160;</li><li>At least a Diploma in Business, logistic or shipping Management.</li><li>Preferably with at least 2 years' working experience related to Free trade zone or LMW licensing environment.</li><li>Good understanding of&#160;shipping (import &amp; export) and custom procedure.</li><li>Understanding the GSP,MITI,MIDA application procedure and application.</li><li>Understanding the declaration procedure to environmental department, such as schedule waste declaration.</li><li>Proficiency in both written and spoken English and ability to negotiate with all levels of people.</li><li>Working knowledge of ERP system such as BaaN/SAP/inforLN preferred.</li><li>Excellent communication and strong analytical skill.</li><li>Self organize &amp; structure, independent and self-motivated.</li><li>&#160;</li><li><strong>Key Result Area ( KRA ) :</strong></li><li>&#160;</li><li>Inward and outward freight cost control.</li><li>Circulation of invoice and shipping document.</li><li>Invoice and shipping document filling efficiency and in ordering manual.</li><li>Timely report submission to authority department.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Well-established as a world-class player in the Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) market, the ESCATEC Group provides a range of design and manufacturing services to a customer base of leading European and North American OEMs from its facilities located in Asia and Switzerland. Our success is based on our commitment to Customer Satisfaction and Continuous Improvement with uncompromising Business Ethics.</div>
<div>Our goal is to create a work environment that challenges, recognises and rewards each employee&#8217;s contribution to our business goals. At ESCATEC, we value talented people and seek to expand their experience and responsibilities.</div>
<div>Joining ESCATEC means making dreams a reality, delivering customer satisfaction and above all, making a difference. If you want to go further, fly higher, improve your skills, and broaden your horizons, if you have something special to contribute, contact us now!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-shipping-officer-4583069?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4583069&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 