---
title: "ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD Vacancies Fleet Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Fleet Supervisor which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ECO-SHOP MARKETING SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Fleet Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><p><strong>Fleet Management</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist in update maintenance services policies and procedures to ensure quality, reliability and efficiencies.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ensure all records of company's vehicles are properly maintained and updated.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Plan and schedule yearly vehicle audit.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ensure prompt renewal of road tax and insurance coverage as well as certification by Puspakom.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitor and verify any insurance claims are submitted &amp; paid-up.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Plan and monitor all trucks' schedule</p><p><strong>Workplace Facility, Maintenance, and Renovation</strong></p><ul><li>Prepare and issue Letter of Confirmation/ Letter of Award.</li><li>Assist in negotiate and rationalize contract rates with contractor.</li><li>Assist in monitor progress of renovation, repairing work for workplace expansion and regular maintenance by assigning vendors, coordinating and planning schedules.</li><li>Issue of the Purchase order and liaison with the accounts department on collection and payments.</li><li>Ensure timely filing and maintain a proper filing system.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>ECO Shop is one of the leading retail chain stores in Malaysia,&#160;&#160;It was incorporated as Eco-Shop Marketing Sdn Bhd in Malaysia on June 01, 2003.&#160;The headquarter office and warehouse are located at Jementah, Johor. Currently, we have more than 160 outlets in all over Malaysia.</p><p>Our core business is importing, wholesaling and retailing Fast Moving Consumable Goods (FMCG) such as food products, beauty aids, stationeries, household products, hardwares, toys, seasonal items and home supplies plastic items. Every products just selling at RM 2.10 ONLY.</p><p>We strive to meet customers&#8217; needs through convenience and super value deal. We continuously evaluate our product varieties according to our customers&#8217; demands in order to provide convenience and good quality products to them.</p><p>We have invested fully computerized RMS and POS system in daily operation, from HQ warehouse logistic management, stock distribution to respective outlets daily sales activities. We committed to work more efficiently and to delivery excellent service and quality products to our valued customers.</p><p>We have more than 5,000 of employees working with us. We don&#8217;t just monitor the rapid growth of our business, but we also focus on growing our people too! On and off, our people have the opportunities to attend self-development trainings and workshop to build up their own values. We strongly believe the increasing of their self-worth is the best contributions to our business, from inside out.</p><p>Feel free to visit our company website at www.eco-shop.com.my for more information.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/fleet-supervisor-4504527?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4504527&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 