---
title: "Mybrushgroup of companies Vacancies Production Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "Mybrushgroup of companies is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mybrushgroup of companies is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We value the growth and well being of our staff greatly, and always make sure that when you join us you are well cared for.&#160;</p><p>The Responsibilities of this position are stated below:</p><ul><li>To lead, provide guidance and monitor a team of production operators in designated sections to meet quality standards and productions schedules in accordance to standards set.</li><li>To plan, organise, direct and control the production lines to ensure smooth operations in meeting product quality and productivity requirements.</li><li>To arrange manpower and production resources effectively.</li><li>To work on continuous improvement to increase productivity and to minimize reject rates.</li><li>To carry out lean activities as planned and benchmark all good practise that are to be implmented into production line.</li><li>Prepare and review daily production report on output, WIP, yield %, and attendance</li></ul><p>You will have advantage, if you are:</p><ul><li>Analytical, highy motivated and able to to motivate and supervise staffs.</li><li>Possess strong leadership skill, responsible and ability to work under minimum supervision.</li><li>Good analytical and problem solving skills.</li><li>Able to achieve production schedule and high responsibility.</li><li>Hands on &amp; able to carry out effectively in shop floor controlling.</li><li>Willing to perform rotating shifts work according to production requirements.</li><li>Full time position available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>MyBrush started out as a contract brush manufacturer more than two decades ago and from our modest beginning has today grown into a reputable manufacturer of a wide range of quality products.&#160;<br><br>Over the years, MyBrush has continuously refined and perfected the process and technical know-how of brush making to become one of the best manufacturers in the industry. This achievement could only be made possible tbrough our intensive research and development initiatives and employing the latest technology in our manufacturing process.&#160;<br><br>To guarantee the quality of our products stand up to highest standard, the company has also invested heavily into the newest equipment and machineries coupled with constant vigilant practice of international standards. It is for these fundamental management philosophies that made our products today are the preferred choice by some of the most renowned brands.&#160;<br><br>As our research and development matures along with the growth of our business, new capabilities are now opening up new potential business opportunities. So as our capabilities grows, the company is looking beyond traditional contract manufacturing business of brushes and venturing into strategic partnership with parties who desires to work with a reputable and reliable manufacturer which possesses both research and design capabilities.&#160;<br><br>MyBrush is now in a position to offer joint product development where we can provide a comprehensive platform of design, product development and manufacturing facility as a one stop solution in product commercialization.</strong></div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-4567098?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567098&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 