---
title: "UNICEF Malaysia - United Nation Children's Fund Vacancies UNICEF Malaysia Campaigner" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "UNICEF Malaysia - United Nation Children's Fund is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the UNICEF Malaysia Campaigner which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNICEF Malaysia - United Nation Children's Fund is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>UNICEF Malaysia Campaigner</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>ARE YOU BRIGHT? IMAGINATIVE AND CARE ABOUT CHILDREN?&#160;</strong></p><p>UNICEF fundraising sales team is expanding! Are you seeking an agile environment where your potential will be maximized through an exciting work environment?</p><p><strong>YES, WE ARE HIRING!!!!! IMMEDIATE STARTS AVAILABLE!</strong></p><p><strong>UNICEF Malaysia Campaigner, we are looking for sales superstars who can passionately inspire people through the amazing work UNICEF does for every child!</strong></p><p>What would the role of a UNICEF&#160;Malaysia Campaigner be:</p><ul><li>You will use your flair and talent for identifying potential donor's needs, inspiring them to take action by pledging a monthly donation through DD or CC</li><li>To drive our amazing brand and communicate the importance of our cause effectively</li><li>You will work in <strong>events</strong> &amp; <strong>malls</strong> all over Malaysia.</li><li>Working hours: 5 days per week with the occasional <strong>Saturday/Sunday / Public Holiday with additional pay</strong></li><li>We offer a guaranteed basic salary starting from <strong>RM2100 - RM2300 </strong>plus an amazing bonus on top.</li><li>We pay a <strong>base salary</strong></li><li>We also provide <strong>EPF, SOCSO, EIS</strong>. We pay weekly commission, weekly bonus for meeting your KPI.</li><li>This position comes with Medical benefit and Career progression up to International Level</li></ul><p>Benefits of joining UNICEF</p><ul><li>You will progress in your career quickly</li><li>You will have an amazing, flexible work environment</li><li>You will be trained and coached by our team of experienced local and international staff. We will equip you with a training plan where you will learn the skills to make the change you want to see in the world.</li><li><strong>You will become part of the global community of UNICEF fundraising teams, with opportunities to travel for local road trips and overseas on exchange projects all paid for by us!</strong></li><li>We run frequent workshops / trainings with UNICEF staff &amp; consultants where you will learn firsthand about UNICEF program globally and will send you on local and international field visits to see our work in action so that you can become a real change maker!</li></ul><p>This position would suit</p><ul><li>People passionate about improving the lives of every child</li><li><strong>Sales/Retail/Promoting/Fundrasing experience</strong></li><li><strong>Open in KL, Penang &amp; Johor Operation</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Having UNICEF on your resume really makes a difference! Check out our recruitment video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wS5dy2-bA0</strong></p><p><strong>APPLY NOW!</strong></p><p><strong>Opens to Malaysian citizens only.</strong></p><p><strong>Qualifications Requirements</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Candidate must possess at least a Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, any field.</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Working Experience Requirement</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Must have 6 months recent sales/promoting/fundraising experience</strong></li><li><strong>Fresh grads are encouraged to apply as well.</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Required Skill(s):</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Initiative/Creative/Proactive</strong></li><li><strong>Good Personality and Coordination Skills</strong></li><li><strong>Excellent verbal communication in English, Malay and Mandarin</strong></li><li><strong>Willing to travel when required.</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>UNICEF promotes the rights and wellbeing of every child, in everything we do. Together with our partners, we work in 190 countries and territories to translate that commitment into practical action, focusing special effort on reaching the most vulnerable and excluded children, to the benefit of all children, everywhere.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/unicef-malaysia-campaigner-4561387?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4561387&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 