---
title: "MAKITA POWER TOOLS (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD Vacancies BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "MAKITA POWER TOOLS (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE which based in Subang Jaya, Kuching, Johor" 
tags: [Subang Jaya, Kuching, Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MAKITA POWER TOOLS (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Duties:</p><ul><li>Responsible to assist all product oriented task.</li><li>Understanding and visiting market and customer.</li><li>To execute product; branding strategy and implementation.</li><li>To provide after sales service and problem solving for user behavior.</li><li>Ensuring brand awareness and profitability.</li><li>Piloting the innovation and creating new indications and expanding markets.</li><li>Keep up to date with market trends and new developments utilizing information for business improvement.</li><li>Accountability for Brand&#8217;s performance &amp; working closely with sales team.</li><li>Execution of trade and promotional activities. (Products launching, Roadshows, Professional Demos, Seminars, Safety Talks, etc.)</li><li>Providing market analysis information pertaining to competitors, trends and activities.</li><li>To execute superior ad-hoc basis project and assignment given.</li><li>Few positions available which will based in different locations: 1) Based in Kuching, Johor and Subang Jaya 2) Background with manufacturing / construction / janitorial / OPE or any other related field.</li></ul><p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least diploma in engineering or any other related fields;</li><li>Minimum two (2) years of working experience in either manufacturing, construction, janitorial, OPE will be advantaged;</li><li>Product cycle and management experience.</li><li>Possess a strategic mind set with high level of integrity, ethics and results driven;</li><li>Excellent analytical, problem solving, interpersonal and communication skills;</li><li>Excellent participatory management skills, effective team-builder with high accountability for his/her actions;</li><li>Required traveling and self-independent;</li><li>Required skills: Microsoft Power Point, Words &amp; Excel;</li><li>Required language: English, Bahasa Malaysia and&#160;Mandarin&#160;(Added Advantage)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 1915 as an electric motor sales and repair company, Makita Corporation has grown to become Japan's top manufacturer of portable power tools and recognized leader globally.</p><p>The principal activities of Makita Malaysia are to carry out business as wholesalers and distributors of electric power tools and related spares and accessories to our end users. We have established a very strong network with our local dealers and potential customers in the Malaysia Market.</p><p>To meet an even broader range of needs, the Company also offers comprehensive array of power tools ranging from stationary woodworking machines and pneumatic tools to garden tools and products for indoor household use.</p><p>The unsurpassed quality and reliability of these power tools and other products are made possible by the Company's strong R &amp; D capabilities. These have earned Makita Products the trust of customers worldwide. Makita is manufacturing power tools and other equipment at seven overseas production facilities.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Subang Jaya, Kuching, Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-development-executive-4583364?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4583364&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 