---
title: "Sto SEA Sdn Bhd Vacancies Supply Chain Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "Sto SEA Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supply Chain Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sto SEA Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supply Chain Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Position Summary:</strong></p><ul><li>Manage and review established process on inbound and outbound of raw materials and finished products to provide quality service at competitive logistics cost.</li><li>Maintain Logistics&#8217; functions accordance to all local regulatory compliance and Corporate Functions&#8217; requirements.</li><li>Supervise Logistics Service Provider (LSP) to ensure services rendered support business requirements.</li><li>Provide relevant data and analysis to the operations team throughout the supply chain.</li><li>To be the Sto&#8217;s day to day contact person for the nominated freight forwarder &amp; service provider (LSP).</li><li>Collaborate with supply chain partners and stakeholders to ensure smooth operations.</li></ul><p><strong>Functional Role:</strong></p><p>The incumbent may perform one or proportions of the duties and responsibilities mentioned below:-</p><p><strong>Import</strong></p><ul><li>Maintain accuracy in carrying out freight forwarding system procedure and practices.</li><li>Ensure all customs and other statutory body cargo clearance comply procedures.</li><li>To check draft BL, K1/K2 (exp; FOB value and CIF value declared) and ensure accuracy of datas.</li><li>Keep up to date and familiar with the International port codes.</li><li>To obtain quotations of from at least 3 forwarders, plan freight movement of imported cargo.</li><li>To coordinate on freight movement and customs clearance.</li><li>Review effect creditors&#8217; disbursements and process debtor&#8217;s invoices.</li><li>Monitor and ensure on the compliance requirements of quality management system.</li><li>Process administration related to the shipment file.</li></ul><p><strong>Exports</strong></p><ul><li>Co-ordinate delivery activities of finished goods to ensure on-time delivery.</li><li>In charge on handling the complete process of export shipment FCL (from Sailing schedule &#8211; load to vessel)</li><li>To handle and support Export shipment by road (crossborder) arrange truck - arrived at destination.</li><li>To prepare all related document (exp; CIPL, draft BL, SI, Pick List ext.)</li><li>Ensure to carry out proper procedure and instruction of Cargo Load Plan (CLP)</li><li>Responsible to collect/take all pictures and other evidences of defective goods(torn, dented &amp; damage) upon arrival and to forward to all relevant parties/dept. Including empty container loading if the found rusty torn or dented and to advise the liner.</li><li>Liaise with third party service provider&#8217;s e.g. Shipping agents, Surveyors, Forwarders, Transporters and Government authorities to ensure completion of the order fulfillment process.</li><li>In charge of new application(ATIGA &amp; MJEPA) /renewal of Product Cost analysis to (MITTI) and monitor the expiration.</li><li>Co-ordinate and ensure all export documentation / procedures are promptly adhered to.</li></ul><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li>Daily task responsibilities: To ensure all document processing are in order, check and verify relevant invoices/bill prior payment, follow-up and resolve issues and any discrepancies &amp; Initiate corrective action plans. Manage the high volume of inbound and outbound phone calls.</li><li>To attend and handle to customer concerns, complaints and suggestions promptly.</li><li>Ensure that Logistics operations are according to local regulatory and Sto&#8217;s safety and environment guideline.</li><li>To support the department on global or regional initiative related to Supply Chain Management.</li><li>To support the implementation of ISO directives.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills and Attributes required</strong></p><p>Academic Qualification:</p><ul><li>Diploma/Degree in any related field or equivalent. (Preferable in Logistics/Supply Chain)</li></ul><p>Professional Experience :</p><ul><li>At least 3-5 years&#8217; experience in logistic and customer service in a manufacturing environment</li><li>1 &#8211; 2 years of knowledge in MITTI &amp; Customs regulation.</li><li>1 &#8211; 2 years of experience in managing logistic service provider(LSP)</li></ul><p>Skills, Knowledge &amp; competencies:</p><ul><li>Knowledge of customs regulation, local and Import &amp; export trade requirements and port procedures / operations</li><li>SAP &amp; Office 365</li><li>Good Communication &amp; Problem solving skills</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>Sto SEA Sdn Bhd</strong> is a wholly owned subsidiary of German building technology group Sto SE &amp; Co KGaA (www.sto.com).&#160; At Sto we aim to deliver a high quality and responsive service in support of our building systems and products to our customers worldwide. Active in over 87 countries and with over 4,000 staff, we have a global turnover in excess of Euro 1 Billion. We continue to innovate through technological leadership in all of our core markets; Fa&#231;ade insulation and cladding systems, acoustic and decorative interior coatings, water proofing and concrete repair and restoration products.</div>
<div>As part of our expansion in Malaysia we are looking for qualified individuals who are seeking long term rewarding careers, people who aspire to be part of our dynamic team and more importantly, individuals who share our values of integrity, leadership, innovation, pro-activity and customer service excellence.<br>
&#160;</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supply-chain-executive-4477838?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4477838&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 