---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies FREIGHT CUSTOMER SERVICE OFFICER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the FREIGHT CUSTOMER SERVICE OFFICER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>FREIGHT CUSTOMER SERVICE OFFICER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>CUSTOMER SERVICE EXECUTIVE (Freight Forwarding)</strong></p><p>Johor - Senai</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>&#8226; Receive the booking from customer / assign by HOD.</p><p>&#8226; Ability to execute the delivery to meet customer objective without error and mistake, strictly adhere to customer SOP.</p><p>&#8226; Provide good communication to customer and internal division bookings and ensure reporting to CS HOD for any critical matter or failure cases or disputed/delayed cases.</p><p>&#8226; Opening job, prepare and monitor invoicing till job complete for submission to billing.</p><p>&#8226; Ensure customer receive the invoice completely.</p><p>&#8226; Ensure individual job task is being fulfilled in term on delivery time and cargo safety.</p><p>&#8226; Receive customer feedback and discuss with CS HOD for good action plan to improve the customer service.</p><p>&#8226; Monitor closely for all shipments and update to related parties until shipment arrives POD.</p><p>&#8226; Record customer complaint to relevant folder and come out with a correction action plan to avoid similar mistake from re-occurrence.</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#8226; Candidate must possess at least SPM/STPM/&#8221;A&#8221; level/Pre-U or Diploma in any discipline.</p><p>&#8226; At least 2<strong> years of customer service experience</strong> with familiarity in the <strong>freight forwarding industry.</strong></p><p>&#8226; Excellent and strong communication skill, spoken and written in<strong> Mandarin, English and Bahasa Malaysia.</strong></p><p>&#8226; Proactive with strong interpersonal skill.</p><p>&#8226; Able to work independently with multitasking abilities and able to take work pressure.</p><p>&#8226; The ideal candidate needs to possess a good self-discipline.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/freight-customer-service-officer-4485437?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485437&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 