---
title: "GKN Engine Systems Component Repair Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Manufacturing Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-31 
excerpt: "GKN Engine Systems Component Repair Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manufacturing Engineer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GKN Engine Systems Component Repair Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manufacturing Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Purpose</strong></p><p>Under routine supervision, determines, through on-the-job experience and academic preparation, the optimal manufacturing methods and processes for producing company products.&#160;Generally will see a product through to satisfactory production, coordinating the manufacturing processes involved to meet customer, government and company requirements.</p><p><strong>Principal Accountabilities</strong></p><ol><li>Analyzes engineering design documents to establish manufacturing methods and processes to manufacture a component, including creating conceptual sketches and initiating the design and building of required tooling within established budgets and submits for appropriate approvals.</li><li>Provides program management for individual parts, develops and maintains all production plans including sequencing of events for efficient, cost-effective manufacturing and coordinates all phases of manufacture, including process planning, tooling, and components manufacture assuring compliance to customer and company requirements.</li><li>Maintains accurate files on parts.</li><li>&#160;Continually evaluates alternative manufacturing methods/processes for cost reductions, improved products, competitive manufacturing advantage and capacity limitations.</li><li>&#160;Analyzes discrepant parts, dispositions nonconforming material reports, and prepares rework/repair procedures and customer submittal documents, as required.</li><li>&#160;Instructs production workers and shop supervisors in proper use of tools and implementation of planned methods and processes, and provides technical support as problems occur, analyzing and researching solutions and implementing corrective action, as needed.</li><li>&#160;Maintains a clean work environment (including assigned storage and cleaning duties) in full compliance with company standards, customer and government regulations.</li></ol><p><strong>Education</strong></p><p>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in engineering (Aerospace/Aviation/Mechanical) or related fields.</p><p><strong>Experience &amp; Qualifications</strong></p><p>Requires minimum of five (5) years of directly related technical experience in an engineering discipline, preferably in manufacturing aerospace / MRO environment.&#160;</p><p>Must have an understanding of fabrication, assembly and&#160;math, including algebra, trigonometry and special relations.</p><p>Expected to be familiar with material processes and the use of and design of tools, fixtures &amp; gauges.&#160;</p><p>Prefer some working knowledge of MS-Office, SAP, MS-Project, CAD softwares.</p><p>The ability to work as a team player as well as independently is required<strong>.</strong></p><p>Experience working with the following processes in preferred:</p><p>Thermal Spray (Plasma &amp; HVOF)</p><p>Welding (TIG &amp; EB)</p><p>CNC Machining</p><p>Shot Peening</p><p>Tool Design &amp; Fabrication</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>GKN Aerospace is the world&#8217;s leading multi-technology tier 1 aerospace supplier. With 55 manufacturing locations in 14 countries, we serve over 90% of the world&#8217;s aircraft and engine manufacturers. We design and manufacture innovative smart aerospace systems and components. Our technologies are used in aircraft ranging from the most used single aisle aircraft and the largest passenger planes in the world to business jets and the world&#8217;s advanced 5th generation fighter aircraft. We are setting-up a new state-of-the art MRO facility and inviting suitable talents to join our innovative team at Nusajaya Techpark, Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manufacturing-engineer-4578912?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4578912&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 