---
title: "KITZ VALVE & ACTUATION (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD Vacancies Outside Sales" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-31 
excerpt: "KITZ VALVE & ACTUATION (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Outside Sales which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KITZ VALVE & ACTUATION (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Outside Sales</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Outside Sales Executive</strong></p><p><strong>KITZ VALVE &amp; ACTUATION (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD</strong></p><p><strong>Iskandar Puteri, Johor</strong></p><p><strong>MYR 4,000 - MYR 6,000</strong></p><p>We are hiring highly experienced Outside Sales Executive who has vast experienced in promoting and selling Valves &amp; Pumps. Able to provide suitable solution to customers queries.</p><p><strong>How will this career benefit you?</strong></p><ul><li>You will be remunerated with Good Basic Salary based on qualification and past working experiences.</li><li>On the job training are provided</li><li>Fair work life balance.</li><li>Working with stable &amp; well-established company.</li><li>Strategic location &#8211;safe environment</li><li>Performance Bonus</li><li>Career Advancement Opportunities</li><li>Good working environment with supportive leaders and colleagues.</li></ul><p><strong>What will your role be?</strong></p><ul><li>To service existing clients while identifying and developing new customers,</li><li>To plan, coordinate and implement sales and marketing strategies,</li><li>To achieve assigned monthly &amp; yearly sales targets,</li><li>To collect payment within the approved terms,</li><li>To promote and to market company's full range of industrial products,</li><li>To give presentation and to conduct products demonstration to prospects.</li><li>To maintain good business relationship with timely support and solutions.</li><li>To review and study technical specifications and engineering requirements for required products in the inquiry from customers.</li><li>To check the statutory and regulatory requirement for the required products and take it into consideration in the product selection.</li><li>To check the suitability of products in the application which are knowable by the experience of the past orders and take it into consideration in product selection.</li><li>To complete the quotation with cover page, technical clarification / deviation sheet and technical documents.&#160;After receipt of order from customers, checking technical specification and requirements of purchase order. Proceed the order entry and make technical instructions for manufacturing companies in the Group. Coordinate the technical documents (drawing, certificate, procedure, etc.) and submit to customers until documentation are approved and completed.&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>To handle customer complaint, reply to technical questions.</li><li>To visit customers for technical clarification and commercial negotiation.</li></ul><p><strong>What do you need to have to be successful in this role?</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Commerce, Marketing or equivalent with min 5 years in Sales in the related field.</li><li>An advantage for candidates with sales experienced related with,</li></ul><ol><li>Valve</li><li>building and equipment</li><li>sales of pump</li><li>Piping material</li></ol><ul><li>Experience in subcontracting/consulting related business</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>Candidates who are fluent in Mandarin is preferred as the role requires dealing with Mandarin speaking clients.&#160;</li><li>Others,</li></ul><ol><li>Strong business sense and industry expertise</li><li>Strong communication skills</li><li>Strong presentation skills</li><li>Result oriented and self-motivated personalities are essential.</li><li>Strong prioritization, organization, and project management skills</li><li>Friendly, good teamwork and committed attitude.</li><li>Ability to travel is a must.</li></ol><p><strong>Our company Merits</strong></p><p>No.1 Valve Manufacture and Top Share market in Japan. Leading company of valve industry in the world. Global Net Work, 36 subsidiary companies in all over the world. KITZ Corporation Japan is listed on the 1st section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.</p><p>Are you ready to make that career shift? Trust us, this role is always on-demand and you will grow a great portfolio with us. This opportunity does not come often. Click that</p><p>&#8216;Apply Now,&#8217; button and we will talk to you soon.</p><p>Additional Information</p><p><strong>Career Level</strong></p><p>Executive / Senior Executive</p><p><strong>Qualification</strong></p><p>Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree</p><p><strong>Years of Experience</strong></p><p>Min 5 years</p><p><strong>Job Type</strong></p><p>Full-Time</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Japanese companies&#160;</p><p>Leading valve manufacturing company in Japan.</p><p>Good atmosphere and team work in the company and group company in ASEAN.</p><p>Have a chance to have a business trip to the group company in ASEAN and Japan</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/outside-sales-4579249?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4579249&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 