---
title: "i-Stone Solutions Sdn Bhd Vacancies Accounts Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-10 
excerpt: "i-Stone Solutions Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Accounts Assistant which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>i-Stone Solutions Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Accounts Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Accounts Receivable</p><ul><li>Prepare sales invoices and delivery order (DO).</li><li>Prepare weekly job listing outstanding report.</li><li>K2 Form excel tracking and system maintenance.</li><li>Resolve issue or dispute on sales invoice with customers.</li><li>Issue customer credit note or debit note, when required.</li><li>Follow up with sales personnel on the acknowledged DO.</li><li>Ensure proper filing and documentation on sales-related matters.</li><li>Monitor and follow up debtor payment collection and update system promptly on the customer receipt.</li><li>Prepare weekly customer outstanding payment status report.</li><li>Prepare monthly customer statement of account (SOA) and email SOA to customers.</li><li>Monitor job number and deactivate inactive job number, when required.</li><li>Update Contract Manufacturer (CM) record on specific customer&#8217;s website.</li><li>Assist Accounts Executives on tasks assigned.</li></ul><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Perform inter-companies monthly billing.&#160;</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160; To update daily foreign currency rate in the accounting system.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responsible in Accounting filing and documentation.&#160;</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Handle other ad-hoc duties as assigned by the reporting manager.</p><p><strong>Essential skill and requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post-Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Mathematical, Adaptability, Multitasking, Independent and Methodical Approach to Working</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>i-Stone is a public listed company on the ACE Market of Bursa Malaysia with primary activities in design, manufacturing and modification of specialised automation machines. We also provide maintenance &amp; technical support services for the manufactured machine.&#160;i-Stone operation governed by experienced key management team with strong technical expertise and are backed by industry-certified project managers and engineers. I-Stone comprises of a group of dedicated and specialized engineers who have in depth knowledge of test and manufacturing process as well as system design and integration. i-Stone in-house expertise and capability are able to assist manufacturer to improve efficiency of manufacturing and quality of product.&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/accounts-assistant-4480074?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4480074&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 