---
title: "Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Regional HEAT Trainer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-26 
excerpt: "Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regional HEAT Trainer which based in Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regional HEAT Trainer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Knowledge &amp; Experience</strong></p><ul><li>Solid understanding of the A-Z freight forwarding in at least 1 product (sea- or airfreight)</li><li>Min. 3-5 years' experience in freight forwarding</li><li>Experience in operational (practical) forwarding within your region is a must</li><li>Bachelor's Degree preferably in Logistics / Business, or equivalent by work experience.</li><li>Experience with the implementation of a TMS is a plus</li><li>Experience in planning and conducting trainings</li><li>Experience in working abroad is advantageous</li><li>Experience with CargoWise One (CW1) is a must</li><li>Profound knowledge of any language used in your region, other than English, is a strong plus</li></ul><p><strong>Competencies &amp; skills</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent organizational skills</li><li>Multitask oriented and ability to work in a fast paced environment</li><li>Effective communication skills</li><li>Strong moderation and facilitation skills</li><li>Strong self-confidence</li><li>Strong interpersonal and influencing skills</li><li>Positivism and ability to excite and motivate people</li><li>Excellent intercultural skills</li><li>Proficiency in English (both written and spoken) is a must - IELTS level 7 or above</li><li>Creativity (visualization, solution thinking,...)</li><li>Strong analytical and investigative skills</li><li>Attention to details</li><li>Ability to explain complex things simple</li><li>Ability to professionally explain and train</li><li>global business processes</li><li>system use and behavior</li><li>Convincing skills</li><li>Empathy skills: ability to place yourself in the shoes of the audience</li></ul><p><strong>Expectations &amp; responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Highly flexible towards traveling and longer stays abroad</li><li>Extensive traveling, mainly within region during global rollout phase (approx. 3 years)</li><li>Longer periods abroad during training phase (all branches &amp; people need to be trained prior to Go-Live without big interruption of day-to-day business)</li><li>Learn CW1 in &amp; out</li><li>Execution of GAP analysis</li><li>Advocate the new ways of working and standardization</li><li>Challenge country specific requirements</li><li>Change management execution</li><li>Plan, facilitate and execute key user training</li><li>Plan, facilitate and execute end user training</li><li>Execute User Acceptance Tests with the local teams in regards to all integrations &amp; system set-up</li><li>Monitor strict adherence to cut-over in all branches of the country</li><li>Guarantee &amp; execute on-site coverage for each branch during go-live phase</li><li>Hyper care support until month end closing of first month live in new TMS in key branch</li><li>Functional support (after key users)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Founded in 1871, our company started with one man, Carl Heinrich Hellmann, using a horse-drawn cart to deliver parcels in and around the town of Osnabrueck, northern Germany. Four generations later, Carl&#8217;s great-grandchildren, Jost and Klaus, own and run the company with an active network in 157 countries. Today we operate a truly global organization while remembering our humble beginnings: we continue to value every customer and understand that each project requires a unique solution. This powerful combination of an individual approach within an international framework ensures that we deliver top-quality customized logistics solutions, every time.</div>
<div>
	We constantly strive to develop better, more efficient ways to do business, whether it is by implementing cutting-edge technology, increasing the number of services we provide, or expanding our network of branches and warehouses. This dynamic mind-set is reflected in our motto &#8220;Thinking Ahead, Moving Forward&#8221; and demonstrates a tradition of innovation which is intrinsic to every part of the Hellmann company.</div>
<div>
	Our adaptability has been and continues to be possible because of the quality of our people. We actively seek to hire capable and committed employees, and to create a working environment in which they can fully realize their potential while delivering results which guarantee our success and your satisfaction.</div>
<div>
	Hellmann&#8217;s transition from a one-man company to one of the world&#8217;s leading logistics providers is a result of all these factors. They are the cornerstones of our business and are the reason for past achievements, the foundation for future success and the values which make Hellmann the right choice for you today.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regional-heat-trainer-4502894?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4502894&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 