---
title: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Team Lead" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Team Lead which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Team Lead</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:-</strong></p><ul><li><span>Plan, Schedule and Conduct weekly Business Unit meetings that may include a cross functional group of Plant personnel.</span></li><li><span>Providing proactive, efficient and reliable production leadership to hourly personnel on shift or area of responsibility in a 7 day working environment.</span></li><li><span>Directly managing all daily activities and long term objectives of the area or department, in conjunction with managers and line supervisors across shifts or departments</span></li><li><span>Investigating root causes and develop corrective action plans for all substandard performance using and leveraging appropriate CI Tools across all 3 shifts.</span></li><li><span>Monitor Business Unit Team performance using all information and data available.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Lead deployment of autonomous maintenance, drive and maintain overall equipment effectiveness (OEE), build capabilities of line operations maintenance, develop and execute maintenance action plan in the business unit.</span></li><li><span>Lead/coordinate preparation of communications for area/plant. Develop and present monthly Business Unit/CI Progress updates to Plant Staff each month. Fulfill the role of the lead Coordinator / Communicator to all department employees and shift counterparts</span></li><li><span>Ensure compliance with administrative and reporting procedures, to include LPR, SAP (including SAP PM), and overtime, while adhering to the seniority provisions of the contract / handbook. Complete Q/A, Safety incident reporting, and action plans with 24 hours.&#160;Manage and Improve process operating guides.</span></li><li><span>Works closely with maintenance, engineering and/or manufacturing manager for proposed plans, strategy changes and/or new projects</span></li></ul><p><span>Requirements:-</span></p><ul><li><span>Degree in Business Management or equivalent combination of formal supervisory training and experience preferred.</span></li><li><span>Minimum 5 years manufacturing experience, preferably confectionery, including 3 years first-line supervisory role.</span></li><li><span>Knowledge of production systems.</span></li><li><span>Managerial ability (communication skills, delegation, motivation, etc.).</span></li><li><span>Problem solving and decision making abilities.</span></li><li><span>Knowledge of product quality standards and regulatory requirements.</span></li><li><span>Ability to read/interpret production performance reports.</span></li><li><span>Knowledge of Standards and Budgeting Process</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>About The Hershey Company:<br>
<br>
The Hershey Company (NYSE: HSY) is the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America and a global leader in chocolate and sugar confectionery. Headquartered in Hershey, Pa., The Hershey Company has operations throughout the world and approximately 14,000 employees.<br>
With revenues of more than $6.6 billion USD, Hershey offers confectionery products under more than 80 brand names, including such iconic brands as Hershey's, Reese's, Hershey's Kisses, Hershey's Special Dark, Twizzlers, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers. The company is focused on growing its presence in key international markets such as China, Mexico and Brazil while continuing to build its competitive advantage in the United States and Canada.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>For more than 100 years, The Hershey Company has been a leader in making a positive difference in the communities where its employees live, work and do business. Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of the company&#8217;s global business strategy, which includes goals and priorities focused on fair and ethical business dealings, environmental stewardship, fostering a desirable workplace for employees, and positively impacting society and local communities. Milton Hershey School, established in 1909 by the company's founder and funded by a trust administered by Hershey Trust Company, provides a quality education, housing, and medical care at no cost to children in social and financial need. Students of Milton Hershey School are direct beneficiaries of The Hershey Company's success.<br>
<br>
To facilitate strong international growth, Hershey has been making tremendous investment and hiring the brightest people to grow with the company across AEMEA region (Asia, Europe, Middle East and Africa). In 2013, Hershey announced plans to build a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Johor, Malaysia to support growing consumer demand in the regional and provide easy distribution access to more than 25 markets across Asia. The Johor plant, a $250 million USD (RM816 million) investment, represents the single- largest investment in Asia during the company&#8217;s 18-year history in the region. Once completed in 2015, the Malaysia plant will be the one of the largest facilities in Hershey&#8217;s global manufacturing network with 700,000 total square feet. The plant will also have the capacity to produce the broadest array of finished products of any Hershey factory outside of the United States and Mexico, including millions of HERSHEY&#8217;S KISSES each day.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-team-lead-4549342?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4549342&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 