---
title: "Jie Communication Sdn Bhd (Realme Malaysia） Vacancies HR Administrator Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "Jie Communication Sdn Bhd (Realme Malaysia） is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Administrator Executive which based in Johor, Kedah, Kota Bharu, Melaka, Perai, Ipoh, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Kuantan" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kota Bharu, Melaka, Perai, Ipoh, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Kuantan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jie Communication Sdn Bhd (Realme Malaysia） is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Administrator Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Specifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Forming and maintaining employee records.</li><li>Updating databases&#160;or keep track of&#160;internal information, such as Leave application, medical claims, employee movement, employee attendance, etc.</li><li>Being the first point of contact for employees on any HR related queries (Area)</li><li>Assisting payroll team in HQ by providing the department with relevant employee information, i.e. leave application&#160;&amp; compiling necessary documents required for the new hire, set up for attendance in DingTalk system, etc)</li><li>Helping with various internal arrangements. (I.e; travel accommodations, transportation, meeting minutes)&#160;</li><li>Liaise with external partners, like vendors, suppliers &amp;, etc</li><li>Answer employees queries about HR-related issues.</li><li>Compile all HR-related documents &amp; courier to HQ.</li><li>Participate in HR projects (e.g. help organize a job fair event, employee birthday bash, team-building, etc.)</li><li>Issuance of the Purchase Order, shipment tracking/delivery status&#160;&amp; inventory management - liaising with Product Management &amp; Logistic Dept.</li><li>Any other ad-hoc&#160;tasks as assigned by superior.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Experience as an HR administrator or HR administrator&#8217;s assistant&#160;</li><li>Understanding various HR software systems, like HRMS &amp; HRIS</li><li>Computer literate with programmes such as word, excel, etc.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Good understanding of labour laws</li><li>Organizational skills and ability to prioritize&#160;</li><li>Interpersonal with good communicative skills</li><li>BSc in HR or a relevant field</li><li>Excellent organizational skills, with an ability to prioritize&#160;important projects.</li><li>Strong phone, email, and in-person communication skills</li></ul><p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p><ul><li>Bonus&#160;and Salary Increment&#160;(Based on performance appraisal).</li><li>Fun, dynamic, and flexible working environment.</li><li>Medical Benefits&#160;&amp; annual medical checkup.</li><li>Annual Leave and Public Holiday observe.</li><li>EPF/Socso/EIS&#160;contribution.</li><li>Training will be provided.</li><li>Team building/Annual Dinner/Birthday Bash.</li><li>Staff price purchase.</li><li>5 working days.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Realme is a technology brand that specializes in providing high quality tech products and services with Dare-to-Leap experience. The brand was officially established on May 4th, 2018 by its founder Sky Li, together with a bunch of young people with rich experiences in the smartphone industry. Realme is committed to offering powerful performance, stylish design, sincere services and exploring all the possibilities of tech products.&#160;</p><p>According to Counterpoint's Q3 2020 smartphone shipment report in November, young brand Realme became the world&#8217;s fastest brand to hit 50million shipments since its inception. The youngster-focused and online-centric brand, Realme has grown rapidly in South East Asia since it entered the market in Q4 2018. Realme has expanded globally to 61 markets, such as China, India, Southeast Asia, South Asia, Europe, Russia and Africa.</p><p>Realme Malaysia (JIE Communication), was incorporated in September 4th, 2018 lead by Mr. Hunter Wang, CEO of Realme Malaysia. In Q3 2020, Realme had become the second favourite brand among Malaysian users by recording a 50% quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) growth.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kota Bharu, Melaka, Perai, Ipoh, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Kuantan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-administrator-executive-4504042?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4504042&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 