---
title: "Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Procurement Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-05 
excerpt: "Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Procurement Manager which based in Muar" 
tags: [Muar] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tidy Group of Companies - Tidy Locks & Fittings Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Procurement Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><strong>Outstanding career growth &amp; development opportunities.</strong></li><li><strong>Competitive salary &amp; more benefit package.</strong></li><li><strong>5 days work a week</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li><span>Sourcing, negotiating and propose to purchase of materials.</span></li><li><span>Ensure continuous supply of required materials, communicate any supply problems which may pose a risk or impact on business operations.</span></li><li><span>Understand and monitor market trends and supplies &#8211; to provide updates and reports as and when required.</span></li><li><span>Negotiate with suppliers on terms and conditions to achieve business savings by adopting the procurement best practice.</span></li><li><span>Assess and evaluate suppliers on periodical basis and undertake performance reviews to ensure contract compliance and procurement efficiency.</span></li><li><span>Ensure a professional and consistent approach in relation to supplier relationship.</span></li><li><span>Explore alternate sources for goods, materials and services.</span></li><li><span>Support the purchasing function and other relevant departments and communicate any supply problems which may impact on business operations</span></li><li><span>To recommend purchase proposal after final negotiations with alternatives suppliers.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Managing inventories based on demand forecast, to maintain consistent supply for the market.</span></li><li><span>Work closely with others to review current status and opportunities for continuous improvement and business improvements</span></li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least a Degree in Business Administration, Supply Chain, Economics or any equivalents.</span></li><li><span>Minimum 5 years working experiences in Sourcing and Procurement.</span></li><li><span>Aggressive and good negotiation skill.</span></li><li><span>S</span><span>upplier chain risk management knowledge will be added.</span></li><li><span>Resourceful, Self-driven and result oriented.</span></li><li><span>Good command of written and spoken English. Mandarin speaking candidate is preferred as this role is required to deal with suppliers from China.</span></li><li><span>Able to work independently with minimum supervision.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The success of Tidy Group was sparked off by the incorporation of Tak Lee Trading in 1982 under the sole proprietorship of Mr. Lim Kee Tan, in trading furniture hardware, fittings and accessories. Today, Tidy Group, fortified with its own factories and affiliates companies, is a far cry from its small beginnings as a trading company. The Group has not only successfully built its strength in establishing an active sales network throughout Malaysia; but its products are currently present in the global markets. Through the support of a competent management team backed by their vast industry experiences, both in Malaysia and China, Tidy Group takes pride in its capability to expand and offer an extensive range of products from internationally recognized brands to serve the needs of the local market : - Furniture locks, fittings, hardware and accessories Electronic locks and accessories Drawer runner systems Wet tissues, non-woven fabric and sofa accessories In Tidy, customers often regarded us as their reliable and strategic business partner for their business.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Muar. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/procurement-manager-4583254?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4583254&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 