---
title: "MOG GROUP OF COMPANIES Vacancies Sales Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-14 
excerpt: "MOG GROUP OF COMPANIES is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Assistant which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MOG GROUP OF COMPANIES is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MOG believes that people are our greatest assets. As a listed retail chain with more than 90 outlets across Malaysia, we take pride in continuously developing our employees to ensure your growth is unprecedented. When you join us, you&#8217;ll be part of our dynamic team that thrives to operate at peak performance to achieve greater results together.</p><p>Here, you&#8217;ll be given the chance to enter into our optical industry. If you&#8217;re service oriented person, you&#8217;re the perfect fit! Join us, unleash your talent, maximise your potential.</p><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><p>Sales assistants represent the direct contact with our walk-in customer, we expected you are able to provide high levels of customer satisfaction through excellent sales service; including but not limited to:</p><ul><li>Welcome and greet customers;</li><li>Recommend and display items that match customer needs;</li><li>Carrying out pre-screening tests</li><li>Making follow up appointments for customers</li></ul><p>Meanwhile, you will be involved in daily operations such as:</p><ul><li><span>Manage POS System processes;</span></li><li>A<span>ctively involved in the receiving of new product and orders;</span></li><li><span>Maintain outstanding outlet&#8217;s condition and visual merchandising standards</span></li><li><span>Follow all companies&#8217; policies and procedures</span></li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum SPM Level; preferable with some retail sales and/or customer service working experience. However, fresh graduate is encouraged to apply;</li><li>Present professional image and possess excellent communication skills;</li><li>Able to work during weekend and public holiday.</li></ul><p><strong>BENEFITS:</strong></p><ul><li>Attractive Personal Incentive + Group Commission;</li><li>Uniform will be provided;</li><li>Annual Leave, Sick Leave and Medical Claim entitlement;</li><li>Dental Claim entitlement;</li><li>Staff Purchase Benefits;</li><li>Professional training will be provided.</li></ul><p><strong>OUTLETS LOCATION:</strong></p><p>Johor, Melaka, Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Ipoh, Penang, Kuantan, Kedah, Kelantan.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#8220;TO HELP THE WORLD SEE BETTER&#8221;</p><p>MOG previously known as &#8220;Metro Optical Group&#8221; which was formed in year 1994 by two very passionate directors, Dato&#8217; Frankie Ng &amp; Dato' Henry Ng. Since its creation in 1994, Metro Optical Group has continuously refined and expanded its expertise in exclusive eyewear.</p><p>Our Vision is TO PROTECT YOUR VISION! We believe everyone deserves to see the best of the world. We are dedicated in delivering unparalleled personalised service to our customers and yet, we assures you that our wide variety of eyewear collections will definitely meet customer need and satisfaction.</p><p>Equipped with technical know-how, aesthetic sense, as well as merchandising and advertising expertise, MOG is now owns more than 90 outlets and has more than 500 employees.</p><p>Due to the positive support given by the customers, MOG managed to achieve more than 3 millions customer base. Currently, MOG owns 8 retail brands which is MOG, Optical Arts, Sunglass Art, Ooppa, M-Trend, Watch Out, Eyezone &amp; MOG Express.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-assistant-4537769?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4537769&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 