---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Management Trainee (Operation)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Management Trainee (Operation) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Management Trainee (Operation)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Draft and improve management system of the vehicles management system.</li><li>In charge handling applications from various departments for vehicle usage , scheduling arrangements to meet the needs of the related personnel.</li><li>Dispatch vesicle according to the plan and ensure the needs had being fulfilled.</li><li>Handling the team management and the training and assessment for the driver.</li><li>Arranging for the vehicle repairing, maintenance, and made arrangement , lower down the budget for the company.</li><li>Handle insurance and yearly maintenance and etc</li><li>Responsible for the sorting and archiving of vehicle files and related materials</li><li>Maintain good relationship with other department.</li><li>Any ac hoc task</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Good planning and execution abilities. Can arrange based on needs from another department.</li><li>Management and coordinate ability. Can resolve conflict.</li><li>Able to train and guide the driver for safety, maintenance related knowledge.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location: <strong>Johor</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>MNC providing Courier services across Asia.</strong></li><li><strong>More than 50,000 employees across the South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days: 5</div><div>Attractive Benefits Include:</div><ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits - Group Hospitalization / Personal Accident Insurance / Medical Card for Employee &amp; Immediate Family Members</strong></li><li><strong>Panel Doctor/Dental Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile &amp; Multi National Environment</strong><br>&#160;</li></ul></div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/management-trainee-operation-4485704?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485704&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 