---
title: "Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Recruiter (Contract 6 Months)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Recruiter (Contract 6 Months) which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Super FI (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Recruiter (Contract 6 Months)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>In this role, you will be responsible for delivering all facets of recruiting success throughout the organization. You will contribute to the process of attracting and matching candidates to temporary or permanent positions within the company. You are also responsible for drafting vacancy profiles, reviewing applications, managing advertisements, social media and attending events. You will play a critical role in ensuring we are hiring the best possible talent.</p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES / KEY ACTIVITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Liaises with HR Business Partners and stakeholder to draft vacancy profiles including job requirements and key accountabilities;</li><li>Challenge HRBP/business on need and costs, AOP;</li><li>Network through industry contacts, association memberships, trade groups, social media, and employees;</li><li>To assist Plant HR Manager in implementing Human Resource Policies/Procedures;</li><li>Responsible for the full recruitment process (screening, interviewing, selection &amp; recommendation);&#160;</li><li>Maintain and develop the job position requirement &amp; description;</li><li>Conduct regular follow-up with managers to determine the hiring decision;</li><li>Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting;</li><li>Performing reference and background checks (employment verification);</li><li>Responsible for drafting the job package;</li><li>To prepare Employment Contract for new local employees;</li><li>To conduct induction / on-boarding / cornerstone training for Manager &amp; Executive level;</li></ul><p><strong>EXPERIENCE &amp; COMPETENCIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Degree in Administrative / Master Degree in HR Management or equivalent.</span></li><li>Minimum 4 years proven recruiting experience in an international corporate environment;</li><li>Proactive and able to manage and influence key internal stakeholders;</li><li>Good understanding of job market, industry trends and the ability to adapt quickly when needed;</li><li>Results-driven with a hands-on mentality;</li><li>Ability to work in an environment with a high sense of urgency and flexibility;</li><li>Excellent English communication skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>On 6 June 2017, Super Group became an independent entity within the Jacobs Douwe Egberts&#8217; (JDE) global coffee and tea portfolio. Given its illustrious success over the last 30 years as a leading Asian integrated instant food and beverage brand owner and manufacturer, Super Group will play a key role establishing and expanding JDE&#8217;s footprint throughout Asia.</p><p>Super Group and JDE share the same mission of serving high-quality coffee, offering iconic brands to valued customers and a common goal underpinned by the strong combined portfolios of both companies. The Management of Super Group looks forward to embarking the next phase of their journey with JDE as the teams continue to work towards driving one culture across the region, while protecting and respecting the legacy of Super Group&#8217;s success.</p><p>Super Food Specialists (M) Sdn Bhd and Super Bio-Food Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd are the subsidiary of JDE, we are certified by Halal and FSSC 22000.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/recruiter-contract-6-months-4592482?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592482&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 