---
title: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies ENGINEERING MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-09 
excerpt: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ENGINEERING MANAGER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ENGINEERING MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Engineering Manager will be based in Senai, Johor. Responsible for directing the planning, development, implementation, and maintenance of processes and procedures within the organization related to the engineering function. Responsible for managing and overseeing the methods, processes, and operations for both new and existing products. Ensures the effective use of materials, equipment, and resources in producing cost-effective, quality products and customer solutions.</p><p><strong>Here is a glimpse of what you&#8217;ll do:</strong></p><ul><li>Lead the NPI Engineering SME with holistic view across the operation (SMT process, Product Engineering, Equipment Testing), problem solving.</li><li>Participates in the review of customer contracts and engineering designs by outlining requirements and considerations.</li><li>Assists product support areas in gathering and analyzing data.</li><li>Directs the activities of engineers and staff and is responsible for planning, budgeting, and maintaining costs for a broad functional area.</li><li>Interacts regularly with executives, customers, and outside regulatory agencies.</li><li>Drives engineering strategies to deliver customer requirements and recommend capabilities in manufacturing and engineering services.</li><li>Provides technical supplier management as related to product development and integration.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Engineering (Mechanical), Engineering (Industrial), Engineering (Others), or equivalent.</li><li>At least 8 years(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position</li><li>Preferably Senior Managers/ Managers specializing in Manufacturing/Production Operations or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Mandarin and English.</li><li>&#160;Experienced in set up new production facilities or transfer production to new location.</li><li>Strong knowledge in all electronic manufacturing engineering processes</li><li>Experience in customer escalations</li><li>Leadership skills necessary to manage and develop a team</li><li>Organizational competencies and project management skills to keep projects, processes, and the entire engineering team on track</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We Are One of the&#160;Malaysia Based Contract Manufacturer (CM) Specialize In The EMS SMT Manufacturing And Box Built&#160;Assembly Of Electronical Products In The Field Of&#160;Wireless Communication.&#160;</p><p>We were established in 2010</p><p>Group Established 1996</p><p>Paid Up Capital RM 20 Million</p><p>Factory Area 150,000 Sq Ft</p><p>Quality System ISO9001 &amp; 14001 ISO13485:2003</p><p>Total Staff Strength: 300</p><p>To support its business expansion, we invite dynamic, committed, self-motivated and qualified candidates to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineering-manager-4479428?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4479428&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 