---
title: "Greater Asia Seafood Sdn Bhd Vacancies FINANCE MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-11 
excerpt: "Greater Asia Seafood Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the FINANCE MANAGER which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Greater Asia Seafood Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>FINANCE MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ol><li>Look into opportunities, costs, revenue growth, risk, and financial operational analysis to identify area of improvement.</li><li>Responsible for financial planning &amp; forecasting &amp; taxation, number crunching for business and financial planning.</li><li>Collect, interpret, and review financial information to managerial staff while recommending further courses of action.</li><li>Analyze costs, pricing, variable contributions, sales results, and the company&#8217;s actual performance compared to the business plans.</li><li>Be compliant on company rules and regulation and the latest policies and procedures for company requirements.</li><li>Alert of important datelines, resourceful and proactively complete required working papers.</li><li>Develop strategies that work to minimize financial risk.</li><li>Review, monitor, and manage budgets.</li><li>Oversee daily operations of finance department.</li><li>Review and change of work practices to enhance departmental efficiency.</li><li>Supervise finance&#8217;s staff and review their works to ensure the accuracy, completeness, and updated transactions.</li><li>Plan and monitor daily cash flow.</li><li>Authorize online banking payments and ensure all payments are supported with authorized signatories and documents.</li><li>Liaise and coordinate with external auditor for financial audit to ensure all documents and information are available for the audit activities.</li><li>Liaise with tax agent for tax computation and tax filing.</li><li>Supervise finance&#8217;s staff in preparing tax analysis and reply queries from tax agent.</li><li>Compute tax estimation for CP204 and review on a quarterly basis before deciding the submission of CP204A.</li><li>Responsible for submission of Management Accounts (Profit &amp; Loss Accounts, Balance Sheet, consolidation accounts and others management reports).</li><li>Review financial performance of the company and produce analysis reports for the performances.</li><li>Establish and implement internal control procedures for finance department.</li></ol><p>Qualification:</p><ol><li>Possess Bachelor's degree in finance or accounting.</li><li>At least 10 years of experience in Finance and Accounting.</li><li>Willing to work in manufacturing environment.</li><li>Strong Excel skill.</li><li>Strong interpersonal skill - you will be dealing with various areas of the business.</li><li>Excellent ability to problem solving along with solid analytical skills, understanding of business process and systems optimization.</li><li>Process improvement focus - you will be able to identify issues and offer suggestions for improvement.</li><li>Commercially aware - you will need to be well versed in the technical aspects of all kind of financial decisions.</li><li>Deadline-driven - you will set the monthly and year end timetable to ensure&#160;the finance division meets reporting deadlines.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Additional Company Information</h4></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Registration No.</span></div><div><span>895412-H</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Company Size</span></div><div><span>51 - 200 Employees</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Average Processing Time</span></div><div><span>27 days</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Industry</span></div><div><span>Marine/Aquaculture</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Benefits &amp; Others</span></div><div><span>Miscellaneous allowance, Medical, Parking, Regular hours, Mondays - Fridays, Business (e.g. Shirts)</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Specific Location</span></div><div><span>Pasir Gudang</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-manager-4480820?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4480820&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 