---
title: "Startek Vacancies Immediate Hiring- Executive - Technical Support -  Fresh graduate welcome" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-15 
excerpt: "Startek is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Immediate Hiring- Executive - Technical Support -  Fresh graduate welcome which based in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Selangor, Terengganu, Labuan" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Selangor, Terengganu, Labuan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Startek is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Immediate Hiring- Executive - Technical Support -  Fresh graduate welcome</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>- Nice Working Enviroment<br>- Free Shuttle Van Provided from Various Location</strong></div><div><strong>- Fun Filled Environment with Events and Activities/ Team Outing</strong></div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Provide continuous technical support via telephone and email related to the product</li><li>Employ a high level of interpersonal and communication skills to move beyond customer&#8217;s frustrations and solve customer&#8217;s problem</li><li>Identify the level of technical knowledge and adjust technical communications to solve customer&#8217;s problem</li><li>Conducting basic probing to determine the next action for any software related to enquiries</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Excellent English and verbal communication skills</li><li>Fresh Graduates who are interested to start their career in a call centre are also encouraged to apply &#8211; <strong>Full Training Provided</strong></li><li>Fresh Graduates with Cert/Degree/Diploma in IT encourage to apply</li><li>Applicant must be willing to work on rotational shifts</li><li><strong>Applicant must be willing to work in Ara Damansara</strong></li></ul><div><div><strong>WHY JOIN US:</strong></div><ul><li>Monthly fun and exciting staff activities</li><li>We are located nearby shopping malls and housing area</li><li>Aegis hires from across the globe so there is an&#160; opportunity to interact with people from different cultures and ethnicity (Europe, Asia Pacific, etc)</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>CAREER GROWTH &amp; TRAINNING PROGRAMS:</strong></div><ul><li>Career Path: <strong>Executive</strong> &gt; Senior Executive &gt; Specialist &gt; Team Leader &gt; Assistant Manager &gt; Manager</li><li><strong>iSTAR</strong> &#8211; System for Appraisal &amp; Rewards &#8211; The STAR training is to help Aegis employees to identify their weakness and to develop future leaders for the company.</li><li><strong>English Training</strong> &#8211; Aegis provides English trainings to Aegis employees who would like to improve their communication &amp; business writing skills.</li><li><strong>IJP</strong> &#8211; Internal job program. Opportunity to transfer within the company after 1 year if there is a suitable position available and staff passes the interview session.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>About STARTEK</strong><br>
	Startek is a leading global provider of technology-enabled business process outsourcing solutions. The company provides omni-channel customer experience management, back office and technology services to corporations around the world across a range of industries. The company has more than 45,000 outsourcing experts across 54 delivery campuses worldwide that are committed to delivering transformative customer experiences for clients. Services include omni-channel customer care, customer acquisition, order processing, technical support, receivables management and analytics through automation, voice, chat, email, social media and IVR, resulting in superior business results for its clients. To learn more about Startek&#8217;s global solutions, please visit <strong>www.startek.com.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Selangor, Terengganu, Labuan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/immediate-hiring-executive-technical-support-fresh-graduate-welcome-4507034?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4507034&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 