---
title: "Tunglip Precision Industry Sdn Bhd Vacancies Engineering Manager/ Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-07 
excerpt: "Tunglip Precision Industry Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Engineering Manager/ Assistant Manager which based in Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tunglip Precision Industry Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Engineering Manager/ Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To lead and manage the project team, manage tracking, reporting and progress update/presentation to management and customers.&#160;&#160;</p><p>Plan out the overall project budget for efficient project control and participate in the negotiation and settlement of&#160;all contractual changes and finalization of the contract and variation orders with the respective department.</p><p>Manage projects and improvement activities that are designed to meet customer specifications/requirements as well as delivery and quality targets.</p><p>Provides engineering support to production for substantial and improvement of production yield, quality and process cycle time.&#160;&#160;</p><p>Develop, test and implement improvements and/or new processes in accordance with customer's requirements.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Support project team to resolve project issues throughout project implementation. (Must having knowledge on CNC Turning &amp; CNC Milling Process)&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>As primary project interface to the customer, ensuring good customer satisfaction and develop good customer relationship.&#160;&#160;</p><p>To plan and coordinate knowledge transfer to engineers and subcontractors via mentoring, workshop and etc.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Performing failure analysis/root cause analysis and identifying and implement effective and practical corrective actions.</p><p>Responsible for planning leading and co-coordinating processes to ensure production runs smoothly at maximum OEE.&#160;&#160;</p><p>To work on process automation to drive for headcount reduction and implement less human dependent process.&#160;&#160;</p><p>Establish and improve process capabilities by implement process step simplifications for improved quality and reduced cost.</p><p>To approved FA status for internal and external (customer/ external provider/ supplier).&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Approved, coordinate and monitor for engineering cool tool program (APQP, PPAP, FMEA, SPC &amp; MSA).&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Delegating, communicating, monitoring, coaching and motivating all members of the project team regularly and positively&#160;&#160;</p><p>Responsible to plan, lead and manage the project and ensuring good profitability and quality in program-level&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Develop and maintain a well-structured department&#8217;s process documentation and SOP.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Tunglip Precision Industry is a leading manufacturer of Precision Turned Components for all kinds industry such as Engineering, Oil &amp; Gas, Electrical &amp; Electronic, Aerospace and Automotive Industries. Our management philosophy of professionalism, enthusiastic work and forte lies in providing high precision turned products produced in modern facilities has been the cornerstone of our company since Tunglip Precision Industry was established in 1995.</p><p>For more information, please visit www.tunglip.com.my</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineering-manager-assistant-manager-4584015?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4584015&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 