---
title: "SENIBONG COVE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SERVICES SDN BHD Vacancies ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "SENIBONG COVE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SERVICES SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SENIBONG COVE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SERVICES SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><em>Requirement:</em></p><ul><li><span>Candidates must possess at least LCCI or Diploma or Bachelor&#8217;s Degree or relevant Professional Degree in Accountancy.</span></li><li><span>Minimum 3 year(s) of relevant working experience especially accounting matters related to Strata Properties.</span></li><li><span>Applicants should be Malaysian Citizens or hold relevant residence status.</span></li><li><span>Good interpersonal skills and able to prepare full sets of accounts and management report.</span></li><li><span>Self-motivated, good team player, meticulous, possess initiative and is able to work independently.</span></li><li><span>Able to work with all levels of management and is a team player.</span></li><li><span>Good knowledge of computerized accounting system and Microsoft Office.</span></li><li><span>Good interpersonal and communication skills.</span></li><li><span>Minimum required skills : Good understanding of Strata Title Act and Strata Management Act will be an advantage.</span></li></ul><p>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<em>Responsibilities</em></p><ul><li><span>Responsible for the preparation of the full set of accounts, includes general accounting, account receivable, account payable, payroll, tax, and treasury issues. Finalization and closing of monthly accounts.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for daily financial matters and handling of corporate related matters.</span></li><li><span>Liaise with auditors, bankers, Group finance department and other Group related division where necessary.</span></li><li><span>Support the team on all financial analysis, business valuation, financial projections and assist in preparation of related report for management decision making.</span></li><li><span>Assist in research or information gathering for financial proposals and other business projects.</span></li><li><span>Assist in administrative related work.</span></li><li><span>To ensure timeless and accuracy of Monthly &amp; Quarterly Management Accounts.</span></li><li><span>Generate Progress Billings and Tax Invoices Promptly.</span></li><li><span>Prompt Issuance of PV and Cheques for Payments.</span></li><li><span>Prompt &amp; Proper Filling of Documents.</span></li><li><span>Accurate and Timely Monthly Bank Reconciliations.</span></li><li><span>Prepare tax estimates and subsequent revisions.</span></li><li><span>Prepare budget for dormant and semi active companies.</span></li><li><span>Perform any ad hoc task as and when required.</span></li></ul><p>Salary is negotiable and will commensurate with working experience.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Senibong Cove Property Management Services (SCPMS)&#160;was incorporated on 2011 and began its operation on 2012. SCPMS main activity is in Township Management, Security &amp; Environment Management, Landscape Maintenance, Facilities Management, Strata Schemes Management, Road Maintenance which currently managed all Master Community Living in the Senibong Cove.</p><p>With a talented team of management, experienced work force with our expansion, we would like to invite suitable candidates to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-executive-4575802?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575802&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 