---
title: "Camwell Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sourcing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Camwell Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sourcing Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Camwell Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sourcing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Sourcing &amp; purchase material that meet company&#8217;s specification and support production schedules with on time delivery of purchase.</li><li>Negotiate prices with approved sources to obtain high quality, lowest possible cost material that meet product&#8217;s requirements and specifications</li><li>Evaluate alternative suppliers as required to maintain competitive pricing &amp; stock availability.</li><li>Lead cost saving project generation and implementation in relevant materials to improve the operation cost. Track and deliver on cost saving objectives.</li><li>Support Innovation product development. Assist internal customers to identify requirements, specifications and provides support to facilitate at the development stage so as to ensure availability of products.</li><li>Managing, assessing and evaluating suppliers and provide periodical supplier performance report.</li><li>Conduct periodical risk assessment to avoid supply security issue and price increase issue.</li><li>Maintain good business relationship through clear, direct, and timely communications and feedback.</li><li>Use system work to determine standard cost and maintain and validate purchase information and approve vendor list.</li><li>Evaluate and analyse Purchase Price Variance. Update purchasing records and reports.</li><li>Provide strategies planning direction, guidance and supervision to direct reports related to prompt, cost effectiveness, delivery, inventory control and planning of direct and indirect purchase</li><li>Ensure all purchases are conducted in compliance with company Procurement Policy with proper documentation, processes and meet company systems requirements. Ensure the practice of the company&#8217;s Code of Ethical Business Conduct.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor Degree / Diploma with minimum 5 years working experience in sourcing &amp; procurement.</li><li>Strong, proven sourcing skills and expertise of direct material experience of sourcing for metal stamping is preferred</li><li>Ability of manage the entire process of procurement with good market and commercial awareness</li><li>Knowledge of purchasing principles/techniques and inventory analysis and control</li><li>Knowledge in conducting RFQ/RFP bidding exercises, and negotiation skill.</li><li>Ability to interpret mechanical drawing to requirements and specification is an added advantage</li><li>Ability of Contract Management.</li><li>Knowledge of Supplier Performance Management</li><li>Skilled in use of computer system, with ability to adopt use of new systems.</li><li>Strong planning and organizational skills &amp; financial and business mindset</li><li>Ability to collaborate with internal departments, seek common ground and establish alignment on common goals.</li><li>Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously; ability to prioritize in an ever-changing environment.</li><li>Willing to travel within Malaysia and internationally as when needed</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Camwell Sdn. Bhd. was incorporated in October 1993, mainly dealing in metal stamping business which involved in tool &amp; die design and also fabrication works. For years, Camwell Sdn. Bhd. which was first situated in Ulu Tiram, Johor, Malaysia always have great determination to set its own goals and vision towards success. Our clientele has increased progressively annually which proves our commitment and reliability to our clients.</p><p>Today, Camwell Sdn. Bhd. has its own plant and building situated in Taman Mount Austin, Johor Bahru, Malaysia. With a larger space and premise, Camwell Sdn. Bhd. has expanded its business operations by increasing the number of machineries and facilities and therefore increased its production capacity to 13 million pieces per month.</p><p>Furthermore, Camwell Sdn. Bhd. has incorporated an associate company, CSB Precision Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd. to handle another related division which specialized in Silk Screen Printing, Rubber Sponge, Cushion and Insulation Parts to cope with the rapid demands of the industries. We have created and registered Spin Gasing TM as our own brand for our products.</p><p>Camwell Sdn. Bhd. has been awarded the ISO 9001:2000 Quality Management System in 2005 under the accreditation body of AFAQ Ascert International Malaysia, Japanese Quality Assurance (JQA) and IQ NET, all the marks and recognition of a significant milestone in the company history.</p><p>Moving confidently towards further and future expansion, Camwell Sdn. Bhd. strives at all times to upgrade and acquire new and advance machineries and software providing the technological edge and all times ready to complete with our competitors to achieve and penetrate into a bigger market shares. Through our vision and sound policies, we are determined to reach our goals.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sourcing-executive-4595378?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4595378&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 