---
title: "CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To assist the Production Manager in providing direction to the shop floor personnel, organizing and monitoring workflow such that all work procedures for the fabrication and assembly of Gensets are carried out in accordance with approved work standards and products delivered to customers in the most cost effective and efficient manners.</p><p><strong>Production Planning &amp; scheduling</strong></p><ul><li>Plan and establish work schedules, assignments, and production sequences to meet production deadline.</li><li>Maintains workflow by monitoring work processes, personnel and resources through close collaboration with the Purchaser and HR.</li><li>Direct and coordinate daily production floor activities and delegate assignments to production personnel, implement measures to improve production methods, equipment performance, production quality and efficiency.</li></ul><p><strong>Work, Product &amp; Safety Standards</strong></p><ul><li>Maintains quality service by ensuring all stations are producing product to the company&#8217;s quality standards.</li><li>Ensure equipment and tools are in good working condition and available for use when required.</li><li>Monitor and enforce safety policies within the plant.</li><li>Maintain a safe and clean work environment at all times by educating and directing personnel.</li><li>Involve in risk management before any new work procedure is being carried out.</li><li>Actively participate and contribute to the Safety Committee to maintain workplace safety at all times.</li></ul><p><strong>Human Resources, Training &amp; Discipline</strong></p><ul><li>Conduct employee training in work operations and safety procedures or assign employee training to experienced workers.</li><li>Develop and maintain training programs in conjunction with the HR/Training coordinator to ensure that all personnel have the necessary skills to perform their duties safely and productively.</li><li>Communicate clear expectations to production personnel, keep them informed of matters pertaining to their job and develop personnel growth opportunities.</li><li>Planning and monitoring work performance, appraising job results, coaching, disciplining employees and initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies and procedures.</li><li>Analyzes and resolves work problems or assists workers in solving work problems.</li><li>Monitor and enforce punctuality: work start, break and stop time of the production floor personnel.</li><li>Monitor and enforce cell phone prohibition of the production floor personnel.</li><li>Lead the production floor personnel and maintain a positive work atmosphere.</li></ul><p><strong>Other work improvements</strong></p><ul><li>Continuously evaluate and modify the plant layout and material workflow for increased throughput and productivity.</li><li>Monitor plant cleanliness and coordinate clean ups where necessary.</li><li>Study methods and implementing cost reductions; developing reporting procedures and systems; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within department.</li><li>any other duties as and when assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Minimum requirements.</strong></p><ul><li>Min Diploma in Mechanical / Electrical / Production Engineering.</li><li>3-5 years&#8217; experience in assembly plant</li><li>Proven experience as Production Supervisor or similar role</li><li>Experience in using various types of manufacturing machinery and tools.</li><li>Advanced skills in MS Office and MRP/SAP</li><li>Organizational and leadership abilities</li><li>Communication and interpersonal skills</li><li>Knowledge of the English language is compulsory.</li><li>Mandarin speaking is advantage.</li><li>Able to deal with complex issues in a fast-paced setting.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>CLLS Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd, a subsidiary of Chong Lee Leong Seng Co. Ltd (CLLS), was incorporated in 2013.&#160;We are a diesel generator sets manufacturer with our plant located at Iskandar, Bandar Indahpura.&#160;CLLS is a progressive Marine and Industrial Engineering Group, our business involves sales and distribution of Marine and Industrial Products, including repair and servicing.&#160;</p><p>We have marketing subsidiaries and joint ventures in Singapore, China, Philippines, Malaysia and South Africa. Our businesses are carried out in the form of project contracts, dealership sales, distributorship and after-sales service.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-4561947?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4561947&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 