---
title: "First Ambulance Services Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Business Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "First Ambulance Services Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Development Executive which based in Johor, George Town" 
tags: [Johor, George Town] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>First Ambulance Services Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Development Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><ol><li>Conduct one on one contacts with potential referral sources, maintain positive relationships with current contracted facilities.</li><li>Maintain existing customers and prospect and gain new business.</li><li>Educate customers on importance of high-quality ambulance services.</li><li>Coordinate events,&#160;sponsorship's, and speaking engagements to create effective sales and marketing opportunities.</li><li>Support effective messaging across website, collateral and proposal content as directed by digital marketing team.</li><li>Develop and maintain an in-depth profile on each account to include customer preferences, competitive products and field intelligence, market activity, important contact/decision makers, customer feedback effectively.</li><li>To ensure maintain, track and deliver quotations and sales related updates from the Company&#8217;s website enquiries, existing clients/customers and new clients and clients/customers.</li><li>Use territory knowledge to conduct strategic business plans.</li><li>Review current literature for new developments within the assigned market including competitive information.</li><li>Coordinate First Ambulance&#8217;s presence in conferences and ensure proper setup, booth coverage.</li><li>Attend&#160;tradeshows&#160;within the territory to promote products and in-service customers.</li><li>Maintain knowledge of company operations.</li><li>Demonstrate excellent interpersonal communication skills as well as superb presentation skills.</li><li>Perform other duties requested by management.</li><li>Exhibit First Ambulance core values.</li><li>Any other responsibility that may be assigned by the superior from time to time.</li></ol><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Management / Business Administration / Marketing preferred or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English.</li><li>Familiar with other regulatory requirements pertaining to sales and marketing function (e.g.: Competition Act 2010 and so on).</li><li>Previous medical experience working in the emergency care setting (Hospital or EMS) preferred.</li><li>Proficiency with computer technology, CRM, Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Adobe illustrator and photoshop experience.</li><li>Self-directed, able to work independently and ability to handle multiple projects concurrently &amp; function in a fast paced, high growth environment.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>First Ambulance Services Sdn. Bhd. (FASSB) is one of the largest private operators in Malaysia and the most professionally run ambulance operation. FAS mainly provides ambulance and emergency services to top tier private hospitals and is recognized as market leader in servicing the event segment. The company HQ is located in Petaling Jaya; Kuala Lumpur and currently has a total staff of 80 employees and a fleet of 27 vehicles. It is FASSB&#8217;s ambition to leverage on the current market position to expand into additional regions and cities in Malaysia to establish the leading ambulance provider on a national scale.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, George Town. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-development-executive-4510421?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510421&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 