---
title: "Pengerang Terminals (Two) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "Pengerang Terminals (Two) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Finance Executive which based in Kota Tinggi" 
tags: [Kota Tinggi] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pengerang Terminals (Two) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Finance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Highlights</strong></p><ul><li>Specialized technical skills and development in terminal industry</li><li>Involvement and exposure in premier terminal in Malaysia</li><li>Innovative, passionate and energetic work environment</li></ul><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li><span>Handle full of accounts and responsible for closing and preparation of monthly accounting reports including profit &amp; loss/ balance sheet, tax computations and others financial report.</span></li><li><span>Establish, implement and maintain effective controls and operating system through compliance to fixed assets accounting policies, effective inventory management, tracking and review process as well as write off to ensure safeguarding and proper accounting of PT2SB assets as well as plan and drive implementation of insurance coverage by establishing sound policy that ensure adequate coverage that is commensurate with risk.</span></li><li>Prepare and complete Business Plan and Master Budget upon approval of the objectives by Petronas Board. Submit KPBI, Capex and Opex to formulate the Master Budget.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Prepare and submit Monthly Management Report (which consists of Summary of Activities, P&amp;L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow Statement and Increase / Decrease in Other Net Current Assets Statement.</li><li>Prepare OPEX and CAPEX variance reports and analysis in a timely manner for the management perusal. Investigate major causes of the significant / critical actual versus budget variances and recommend corrective actions to the management.&#160;</li><li>To analyze and prepare various shareholders reporting and answering all queries.</li><li>Any other duties assigned by the superior from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Finance /Accountancy, or&#160;Professional Degree such as ACCA, Chartered Accountancy, MICPA&#160;or equivalent;</li><li>Minimum 8 years of working experience</li><li>Familiar with the usage of any Accounting Systems (Oracle would be an advantage);</li><li>Good knowledge in accounting processes;</li><li>Experience in financial governance and internal controls;</li><li>Able to deal with dynamic and fast-paced environment;</li><li>Possess high level of integrity, meticulous, analytical and able to work independently;</li><li>Strong attention to detail;</li><li>Willing to work in Pengerang, Johor</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Pengerang Terminals (Two) Sdn Bhd (PT2SB) was incorporated to undertake the development, construction and operation of the facilities required for the handling, storage and distribution of the crude oil, petroleum, chemical and petrochemical feedstock, products and by-products for and from the Pengerang Integrated Complex at Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia.</p><p>PT2SB is a wholly owned subsidiary of PETRONAS, a Fortune Global 500&#174; company wholly-owned by the Government of Malaysia, DIALOG, a specialist integrated technical services provider in oil &amp; gas industry and Royal Vopak, the world's leading independent tank storage provider for the oil &amp; chemical industry.</p><p>PT2SB is an industrial terminal setup requires high and medium level skilled &amp; professional manpower.&#160;If you are passionate to develop your career in terminal industry, we invite you to join our team in the premier industrial terminal in Pengerang, Johor.</p><p>We will only contact the shortlisted candidate. If you doesn't receive any update on your application within three (3) weeks time, please consider your application as not successful.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kota Tinggi. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-finance-executive-4548731?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548731&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 