---
title: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies ASSISTANT PLANNER/PLANNER EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ASSISTANT PLANNER/PLANNER EXECUTIVE which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cape EMS Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ASSISTANT PLANNER/PLANNER EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>To monitor and manage customer order fulfilment.</li><li>To build close relationship with customer and understand their demand patent.</li><li>To analyze and manage forecast vs PO accuracy.</li><li>To check and verify customer PO details (unit price, qty order and terms) are as agreement.</li><li>To plan and manage production planning and scheduling to fulfil On Time Delivery</li><li>To monitor and manage material planning and update Clear to Build status.</li><li>To upload system demand for LRP run with result checking and root cause findings.</li><li>To create Manufacturing Order and picklist for production.</li><li>To work with production and buyer team closely to monitor and manage production plan vs actual.</li><li>To collaborate with engineering, buyer, production &amp; QC on Engineering Change Order material.</li><li>To prepare reports for production plan vs actual, customer order vs delivery.</li><li>To keep track of the inventory movement and analysis.</li><li>To developing formulation to simplify &amp; create efficiency in data analysis &amp; reporting.</li><li>To assist in system demand loading &amp; LRP run result checking and root cause findings.</li><li>To assist in production planning and scheduling of respective project.</li><li>To assist in MO and picklist checking.</li><li>To assist in keep track of the inventory movement and analysis.</li><li>To assist in material planning base on BOM.</li><li>To assist in production process understanding vs impact on cycle time and production output.</li><li>To assist in developing formulation to simplify &amp; create efficiency in data analysis &amp; reporting.</li><li>To assist in keep track documentation of customer order and demand.</li></ul><p><strong>Planner Skills and Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Knowledge of Manufacturing Processes and BOM</span></li><li><span>Experience in Production &amp; Material Planning</span></li><li><span>Experience in any ERP or MRP system</span></li><li><span>Experience in create report and presentation</span></li><li><span>Computer Literacy especially in excel</span></li><li><span>Attention to Detail &amp; Accuracy</span></li><li><span>Ability in communication, collaboration &amp; problem solving</span></li><li><span>Ability to drive team to meet deadlines</span></li><li><span>With Stress Management Skills</span></li><li><span>A team player</span></li><li><span>Teachable and open for new skill and ideas</span></li><li><span>Experience in automation production will be given priority</span></li><li><span>Computer Literacy especially in excel.</span></li><li><span>Enjoy analysis work.</span></li><li><span>Attention to detail &amp; accuracy.</span></li><li><span>Teachable and open for new skill and ideas.</span></li><li><span>Able to communicate in basic English in verbal and written.</span></li><li><span>Able to work in stress environment.</span></li><li><span>A team player.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, in related field.</span></li><li><span>At least 5-year(s) of working experience in purchasing/supply chain, major on electronics (PCBA) commodities.</span></li><li><span>Candidates fluent in&#160;Mandarin&#160;preferred as role requires candidate to deal with mandarin speaking clients.</span></li><li><span>Candidate with purchasing/sourcing background under the EMS environment will have added advantage.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We Are One of the&#160;Malaysia Based Contract Manufacturer (CM) Specialize In The EMS SMT Manufacturing And Box Built&#160;Assembly Of Electronical Products In The Field Of&#160;Wireless Communication.&#160;</p><p>We were established in 2010</p><p>Group Established 1996</p><p>Paid Up Capital RM 20 Million</p><p>Factory Area 150,000 Sq Ft</p><p>Quality System ISO9001 &amp; 14001 ISO13485:2003</p><p>Total Staff Strength: 300</p><p>To support its business expansion, we invite dynamic, committed, self-motivated and qualified candidates to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-planner-planner-executive-4576172?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4576172&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 