---
title: "Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Malaysia) Berhad Vacancies Senior Executive / Executive - Johor Bharu Branch (Operations)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-26 
excerpt: "Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Malaysia) Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Executive / Executive - Johor Bharu Branch (Operations) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Malaysia) Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Executive / Executive - Johor Bharu Branch (Operations)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>To provide customer service over the counter and perform prudent financial and non-financial transactions diligently and accurately.</li><li>Attend to customer queries, providing information on bank products and services, resolving customer&#8217;s queries, issues and complaint (if any).</li><li>Cross selling Bank&#8217;s retail products.</li><li>Taking initiative to resolve daily operational issues.</li><li>To perform identification, verification and on-going monitoring towards new and existing customer, including on-boarding stages, throughout business relationship after the customer on boarded or at the point of transaction.</li><li>To perform periodical review on existing customer including update of customer information and review of customer transaction activities. Report to superior if any unusual transaction detected.</li><li>Accept and perform cash transactions, financial transactions (deposit, withdrawal, remittances, end day checking and balancing reconciliation etc) and non-financial transactions (account opening, registration of internet banking etc).</li><li>Perform end day reconciliation and balancing (cash and non-cash transaction).</li><li>Perform back room functions such as record keeping, data cleaning, inward or outward cheque clearing etc.</li><li>Ensure proper retention and keeping of records which include filing, data entry etc.</li><li>To perform any other task and duties as assign by Branch Manager/Deputy Branch Manager from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li>A recognized Bachelor degree in finance, banking, economic, accounting, business administration or equivalent from a reputable university.</li><li>At least two (2) years of branch operations experience.</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Resourceful and able to work independently.</li><li>Attentive and responsive towards in meeting customer needs.</li><li>Polite, tactful and discreet.</li><li>Pro-active, self-motivated and committed.</li><li>A good team player.</li><li>Fast leaner.</li><li>Good in adaptability to different working environment.</li><li>Good communication skills for both verbal and written in English and Mandarin language will be added advantage.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Malaysia) Berhad ("ICBC Malaysia") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited ("ICBC"). ICBC Malaysia was incorporated in Malaysia on 28 January 2010 with its head office located at Kuala Lumpur City Centre, Malaysia. At present, ICBC Malaysia has established five (5) branches which located at Kuala Lumpur, Puchong, Johor Bahru, Kuching and Labuan.</p><p>ICBC Malaysia's mission is to provide innovative financial solutions, offer local support for international banking needs, to further enhance the strong bilateral and economic ties between Malaysia and China, as well as to make ICBC the preferred premier bank.</p><p>Talented and experienced bankers are welcome to join this young bank and develop together. Join ICBC Malaysia to enrich your life as working in the largest bank from China.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-executive-executive-johor-bharu-branch-operations-4517366?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4517366&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 