---
title: "SDS Group Berhad Vacancies Bakery & Cafe Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-17 
excerpt: "SDS Group Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Bakery & Cafe Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SDS Group Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Bakery & Cafe Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Responsibilities:</p><ol><li>Generally responsible for a chain of F&amp;B outlets in terms of profitability which includes but not limited to expenses control, productivity, efficiency &amp; conformity of SOP.</li><li>Ability to work under pressures, quickly adapt to new environment and give full commitment to any task assigned.</li><li>Possess a good problems solving/analytics skills.&#160;Remain dynamic, calm and composed when handling or tackling problems.</li><li>Maintain a good attendance record, always punctual and uphold high level of discipline in order to set a good example for everyone.</li><li>Able to cultivate good working habit among all employee e.g teamwork, setting common targets and show exemplary leadership in order to lead and motivate employee towards achieving targets.&#160;</li><li>An effective, fair and firm leader.&#160;</li><li>Self &#8211;motivated and a team player.</li><li>Innovative and pro-active in generating revenue for the entire chain. Build a strong and cohesive working relationships with various department within and outside the company in order to achieve goals.</li><li>Ability to retain workers.</li><li>Prepare and present monthly report, sales and operations analysis to the top management.</li><li>Minimum 5 years of good track record and experience in F&amp;B, Retail or any hospitality&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;industries.&#160;Age between 28 to 45.</li><li>Academic qualification is not a pre-requisite but would be an added bonus.</li><li>Computer literacy is a must.</li><li>Compulsory to work on public holidays, member day and weekends.</li><li>Meals provided.</li><li>Accommodation provided for successful candidate from outstation.</li></ol><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>At least 5 years of managerial working experience in related field is required for this position</li><li>Requires language(s): Mandarin, English, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Food/Beverage/Restaurant Service or equivalent</li><li>Good problem solving, planning, organizational and interpersonal skills</li><li>Good knowledge of computer applications and POS systems</li><li>Able to speak Mandarin will be an added advantage</li><li>Willing to work on weekend/Public Holiday and long hours as and when necessary</li><li>Position is open for outlet in Bangi Section 7(Selangor), Nilai (Negeri Sembilan) Bandar Seri Putra (Selangor) and Johor Bahru.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>SDS is the retail subsidiary of SDS Groups. As a Johor home-grown company, SDS Groups develop its business with three subsidiary brands including SDS, wholesale subsidiaries Top Baker and Daily&#8217;s Bakery. Top Baker and Daily&#8217;s Bakery are bakery product suppliers and wholesalers delivering delectable bread to nationwide daily. New factory launched in Seremban has begun its operation in October 2017 serving more confectioneries to Malaysians.</p><p>SDS which is well-recognized in Johor region for its quality confectionery products valuable for money and excellent customer service. Since 1987, SDS continuously invents new creations monthly to keep customer&#8217;s excitement in SDS products. Aligned with the Share, Dine, Smile motto &#8211; SDS envisions to give its valued customer the most unique and enjoyable dining experience.&#160;</p><p>The wide array of SDS confectionery includes bread, pastries, and cakes. Beside bakery, SDS Cafe is providing western food, local food, casual dining, coffee and beverages. Other than that, festive cookies, hampers, mooncakes, baby full month and wedding gift sets are also available at SDS.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/bakery-cafe-manager-4509046?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4509046&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 