---
title: "CAMEL POWER TRADING SDN. BHD. Vacancies SALES REPRESENTATIVE / ASSISTANT MANAGER / MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: "CAMEL POWER TRADING SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SALES REPRESENTATIVE / ASSISTANT MANAGER / MANAGER which based in Johor, Penang, Selangor, Sabah, Sarawak" 
tags: [Johor, Penang, Selangor, Sabah, Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CAMEL POWER TRADING SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SALES REPRESENTATIVE / ASSISTANT MANAGER / MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>SALARY PACKAGE:</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Basic Salary - Range from RM2000 &#8211; RM3000</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Fixed Allowance - RM800 (Petrol/Toll/Parking)</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Meal Allowance - RM10 / day</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Incentive 01 - KPI (5-10%) according to monthly sales</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Incentive 02 - RM500 for opening new account (Retail/Distributor/Dealer)</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Commission - 3% to 5%</p><p><strong>In return, our company offers you:</strong></p><ul><li>Competitive salary package with basic salary, allowance, and unlimited commission.</li><li>Monthly sales performance incentive (KPI)</li><li>Opportunities for job promotion and salary increment twice a year</li><li>Company Training (1 - 3 months)</li><li>Accommodation provided during training</li><li>Overseas / Local travel and training opportunities</li></ul><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><ul><li>To be responsible for full-cycle sales activities targeting local market, from market research, new account acquisition, consistent order acquisition, and after sales service.</li><li>To effectively execute sales strategies planned by the Company in order to generate more sales and higher revenue.</li><li>To perform cold-calling, actively secure new accounts from potential clients, and maintain ongoing positive business relationships with existing clients.</li><li>To achieve monthly sales target set by the Company or Regional manager individually and as a team.</li><li>To support the Company&#8217;s expansion plan through effective marketing strategies, such as participating in market research, brand promotion, sales events, product exhibitions, business trips and so on.</li><li>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To follow up with clients on sales or order status, and provide excellent after sales service.</li><li>To keep track on clients&#8217; payment terms and perform collection accordingly before stipulated due date.</li><li>Generate daily and weekly reports to the Management, voice out about existing concerns, and provide constructive feedback / solutions.</li><li>Pay attention to the market trends of dealers, competitive brands and end customers, and timely feedback market information to the company.</li><li>Regularly understand the actual quantity of dealer inventory and assist customers in ordering in time.</li><li>Listen to and care for customers, feedback customer needs and improve customer satisfaction.</li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Result-oriented, aggressive and self-disciplined. </strong>If you strive to achieve and love to challenge your ability, we want YOU to join us and grow with us towards our common goals.</li><li>At least 1-year experience of sales experience, marketing planning and other related experience is an added advantage.</li><li><strong>Knowledge in battery recharging processes</strong> is an added advantage.</li><li>Flexible in travelling and able to travel with short notice.</li><li>Able to work in a <strong>fast-paced environment</strong> which requires <strong>multi-tasking</strong>.</li><li>Computer literacy and able to submit intensive sales report.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>High team spirit, good team work and able to <strong>work independently.</strong></li><li>Willing to learn, honest, and hardworking.</li></ul><p>Interested candidates are required to write in with comprehensive resume stating your <strong>current and expected salary</strong>.</p><p>Please note that all applications will be treated confidentially and <strong>only shortlisted candidate will be notified</strong>.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Since 1980 Camel Group Co. Ltd has started its first step in automotive battery industry in China.</div>
<div>For over 30 years, the company is always customer-oriented and has gradually grown as the largest automotive battery manufacturer in Asia. Now, Camel batteries are distributed in all major cities across China and exported to over 40 countries worldwide.</div>
<div>In 2017, Camel Power Malaysia is established as a local company that manufactures and distributes automotive batteries in Malaysia. Our products cover full range of automotive batteries for cars, trucks, buses, and agricultural equipment.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Penang, Selangor, Sabah, Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-representative-assistant-manager-manager-4493282?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4493282&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 