---
title: "Guardian Independent Certification Vacancies Lab Technician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-31 
excerpt: "Guardian Independent Certification is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lab Technician which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Guardian Independent Certification is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lab Technician</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Highlights</strong></p><ul><li><span>Working as one for a greater purpose</span></li><li><span>Very good exposure to various large-scale projects and great work</span></li><li><span>Joining a growing team of energetic, dynamic and ambitious talent</span></li></ul><p><strong>Job Role</strong></p><ul><li><span>Responsible for conducting testing according to client&#8217;s requirement and International Standards.</span></li><li><span>Support the team to assembly products e.g furniture and conduct other testing.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for satisfying client requirements and fulfilling national/international regulations.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>Conduct and prepare reports for testing of samples submitted by clients.</span></li><li><span>Produce technical report and send to report approver for review.</span></li><li><span>Compliance with company data protection rules including data and confidentiality information of all clients&#160;</span></li><li><span>Responsible for the continuous improvement in the laboratory to ensure that client and industry demands are met.</span></li><li><span>Ensure standards of testing, service quality, selection and usage of equipment and tooling are maintained to the highest possible level.</span></li><li><span>Ensure the laboratory is compliance with Quality Management, Health and Safety System.</span></li><li><span>Maintain records of laboratory activities in compliance with ISO/IEC 17025.</span></li><li><span>Maintain good housekeeping to ensure laboratory is neat and tidy at the end of each day.</span></li><li><span>Ensure safety is observed when carrying out laboratory activities.</span></li><li><span>Maintain proper records of hazardous substances as per regulatory requirements.</span></li><li><span>Undertake additional duties as assigned by Laboratory Supervisor/ Manager</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>GIC is a global certification body with a network of more than 30 countries situated around the world. Established in the United Kingdom in 1993, Guardian Independent Certification Ltd (GIC) is an accredited conformity assessment body that assesses and certifies organizations conforming to management system standards and provides training on wide range of certified management system courses.</p><p>GIC is accredited by United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) and Joint Accreditation System of Australia &amp; New Zealand (JAS-ANZ) and Social Accountability Accreditation Services (SAAS). GIC is also an Approved Training Organization by the International Register of Certificated Auditors (CQI-IRCA).</p><p>GIC is a global certification body with a network of more than 30 offices situated around the world. To-date, GIC issues more than 15,000 effective certificates to countries in Asia Pacific, Europe, Americas, Middle East and Africa. The global presence gives GIC an advantage to quickly deliver the right people to any client, anywhere in the world.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lab-technician-8573022/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8573022&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 