---
title: "FOREO INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. Vacancies SOCIAL MEDIA ASSISTANT (FULLY REMOTE)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "FOREO INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SOCIAL MEDIA ASSISTANT (FULLY REMOTE) which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>FOREO INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SOCIAL MEDIA ASSISTANT (FULLY REMOTE)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>POSITION OVERVIEW</p><p>We are looking for a self-motivated and highly creative Social Media Assistant to join our regional team to utilize social media platforms. This involves implementing a social media brand strategy that encompasses curating new content, forming strong relationships, and engaging with followers, as well as encouraging users to voluntarily share the brand&#8217;s content in multiple markets.</p><p>The Social Media Assistant is responsible for implementing, managing and monitoring SM campaigns, as well as for the growth of community followers. Our Swedish beauty-tech co. is forever hungry for something new&#8212;whether it&#8217;s a groundbreaking high-tech beauty product or an unorthodox way to work smarter. If you are into breaking molds and challenging standards, then you might be the one we are looking for.</p><p>REQUIREMENTS</p><p>&#9679; At least 1 year of experience as a community manager or similar role.</p><p>&#9679; We have an international working environment, hence, having an advanced English level (written and spoken) is a must, Mandarin is a plus.</p><p>&#9679; Experience in planning and leading community initiatives.</p><p>&#9679; Ability to identify and track relevant community KPIs.</p><p>&#9679; Creativity because we opt for bold instead of boring every time!</p><p>&#9679; Excellent organizational and communication skills.</p><p>&#9679; Result-driven and with a high level of motivation and persistence.</p><p>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</p><p>&#9679; Create editorial calendars including writing and editing social media posts for the respective markets in Asia.</p><p>&#9679; Improving customer engagement and brand image, including responding to customers in a timely manner.</p><p>&#9679; Schedule and consolidate content on social media that is consistent, meaningful, and high-quality.</p><p>&#9679; Monitor, track, and report social media activities.</p><p>&#9679; Develop briefs for the creative team for social media content, and integrate brand collaborations and influencer content.</p><p>WHY FOREO</p><p>&#9679; You will work for a global beauty and wellbeing brand that is the fastest growing in its industry</p><p>&#9679; You will be encouraged to bring fresh ideas to the table and experiment daily</p><p>&#9679; You will become part of a highly skilled and experienced international team</p><p>&#9679; You will profit from a creative, knowledge-sharing and stimulating</p><p>environment</p><p>&#9679; You will have the possibility to grow and have the opportunity to take the most optimal roles and responsibilities in a fast-growing environment</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>ABOUT US</strong></div>
<div>At FOREO, we want to empower you to create the world in your own image. The belief that you are unique is behind everything we do, and everything we do is designed to help you feel naturally beautiful and healthy. That&#8217;s what keeps us working hard to create pioneering products that have a positive impact on your well-being.</div>
<div>Our approach is a bold one: we don&#8217;t just improve existing designs; we tear them down completely and restart from the ground up. It&#8217;s a revolution, not an evolution. This creative destruction is at the heart of what we do and is reflected in our unique product designs. Our priorities and values are not dictated by investors or shareholders &#8211; our team at FOREO has absolute independence to develop the best well-being products possible.</div>
<div>Our challenge is to question conventional thinking, and we are doing that by working on mold-breaking projects at the FOREO Institute founded in Stockholm, Sweden. The LUNA&#8482; line of skincare devices and the new ISSA&#8482; line of dental beauty devices have already smashed the conventions of the health and beauty industry.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/social-media-assistant-fully-remote-8423764/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8423764&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 