---
title: "Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-21 
excerpt: "Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Executive which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>You will play an important role, such as</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Responsible for overall quality system in HR department</li><li>Understanding and executing staffing requisition, requirements and issues from all departments</li><li>Draft and update of documents such as job descriptions, employee handbook, performance appraisal, forms, SOP, policies and other HR related documents.</li><li>Sourcing candidates via recruitment agencies and job online advertisement</li><li>Screening the candidates by resume shortlisting, phone interview and personal interviews with coordination with the concerned departments &amp; background verification of the shortlisted candidates</li><li>Issuing Letter of Offer/Intent/Employment to the selected candidate</li><li>Maintain employees&#8217; leaves, medical and attendance record</li><li>Conduct orientation program and briefing to new employee</li><li>Organising training sessions or trainings for employees ensuring they are fully equipped to be able to perform their duties.</li></ul><p><strong>What do you need to have:-</strong></p><ul><li>Possess a degree in Human Resource</li><li>At least 1 year working experience in the HR field.</li><li>Computer literate particularly with Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word &amp;&#160;&#160;Microsoft Power Point.</li><li>Strong organizational skills with excellent attention to details, willingness to develop &amp; learn new skills.</li><li>Good writing, analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Able to work under pressure and efficiently.</li><li>Ability to communicate effectively &amp; professionally</li><li>Ability to follow oral and written instructions.</li><li>Positive &amp; pro-active attitude towards work</li><li>Ability to work independently and as part of a team.</li><li>Ability to speak good English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin</li><li>Discretion, confidentiality and professionalism at all times</li></ul><p>Working Hours	: 8:00am - 6:30pm</p><p>Working Days : 5 days</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>In year 1986, the establisher Mr Chin Sam Chiap was started to rent and buy land to plant vegetables, Mr Chin work out whole the farm with his family, which is his wife and three sons. Our production increase year to year, due lack of manpower so we hire foreign worker to solve the manpower problem. We sold our product to local wholesaler, but we couldn't get a good priced because the wholesalers control the market price and buy our products with lower price.</div>
<div>Because of this reason, in year 1997, Mr Chin eldest son, our present Director Dato' Chin Boon Tak set up a wholesaler department, he sold the product directly to vegetables retail shop &amp; stall for a higher profit. Furthermore, we also act as a wholesaler to buy other farmer products and sold it directly to retailer.</div>
<div>Due to the growth of business, in year 2004, November 30, they incorporation Chin Sam Chiap Sdn Bhd, it is involved in processed food and provision services in the sector of food industry. These are encompassing importing, exporting, retail and wholesale business. in addition, we are also transaction in all race market, restaurant, mini market, hawker centre and etc.</div>
<div>Most of the local products are directly purchase from local farm, so that our company can provide fresh, cheap and unpolluted vegetables. This is because we are strictly in choosing our products and ensure the farm in fulfils our standard.</div>
<div>Our company also awarded from Ministry Of Agriculture the certificates of SALM, which is inspected by the MOA. With this certificate, we can ensure that our company's farm is fulfilling the standard of MOA.</div>
<div>Now, our company owns 36 outlets all over Johor which provided groceries, fresh fruits and fresh vegetables. We hope our company will extend the business all over the ASEAN in future.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-executive-4467652?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4467652&sectionRank=4&token=0~2a37671a-a5e2-47b1-b754-f82d8a41a795&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 