---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Process Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Engineer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>About the Role</strong>:<br>The main responsibilities of this role are process and product development / improvement and monitoring the plant&#8217;s process / utilities systems. Assignments will involve a wide variety of projects related to quality, cost and plant operations (e.g. energy &amp; water saving projects) and the process Engineer will be involved in recommending and implementing improvements, plant trial execution and New Product Introductions.&#160;</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Provide promptly process and technical support to the operation.<br>&#8226; Process development and improvement in the plant<br>&#8226; Lead or/and provide technical support on engineering projects<br>&#8226; Lead or/and serve as team member of the NPI project<br>&#8226; Developing an understanding and applying technical expertise to assigned process.<br>&#8226; Collaborate and work with other employees of Kerry worldwide to resolve problems and apply best practices<br>&#8226; Analyse and troubleshoot process problems and make suitable recommendation to improve efficiency<br>&#8226; Ensure minimum process deviation at production<br>&#8226; Responsible in developing the SOP / work instructions<br>&#8226; Conduct data and capability analysis, analyse the trends in terms of production yield/productivity, quality, rejects, down time and carry out improvements to close these gaps<br>&#8226; Able to make quick decisions and solve technical problems to provide an efficient environment for production<br>&#8226; Identify resources and equipment requirements and manages software&#8217;s and hardware&#8217;s availabilities<br>&#8226; Investigate health, safety, environmental, quality and cost related issues and work with stakeholders to make improvement<br>&#8226; Contribute to the maintenance and continuous improvement of the management systems of safety, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, HACCP &amp; GMP.<br>&#8226; Perform any other related assignment as and when required</div><div><strong>Qualifications, Skills and Experience:</strong><br>&#8226; Minimum Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering or relevant discipline<br><strong>&#8226; Minimum 3-5 years working experience in similar role or in a Food/ Chemical Manufacturing/ Oil &amp; Gas industry and handling projects on site</strong><br>&#8226; Experience with Green Belt, Lean, Kaizen or Six Sigma methodologies will be advantage<br>&#8226; Working knowledge in ISO 9001 Quality System, ISO14001, GMP, HACCP, plant start-up and distributive control systems pertaining to the process industry is an advantage<br>&#8226; Excellent oral, written communication and presentation skills in English - adept at dealing with and engaging people at all levels<br>&#8226; Ability to persuade and influence others effectively and challenge status quo, when necessary<br>&#8226; Strong project management abilities and result oriented &#8211; must have a proven track record of managing multiple projects to successful completion<br>&#8226; A motivated and driven individual with the core competencies required to success in a demanding and challenging working environment<br>&#8226; Possess strong planning and analytical skills and be able to take complex issues and break down actions for resolutions and working with tight deadlines with a hands-on approach.<br>&#8226; The ability to identify and actively plan improvements. Demonstrate flexibility and adaptability to be successful in a changing environment</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-engineer-4535412?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4535412&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 