---
title: "Gemilang Coachwork Sdn Bhd Vacancies QC Inspector - Automotive Technology 质量检查员" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "Gemilang Coachwork Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QC Inspector - Automotive Technology 质量检查员 which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Gemilang Coachwork Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QC Inspector - Automotive Technology 质量检查员</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description 1 [Production QC]</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for daily quality activities in the production</li><li>Disposition and summary of non-confirming materials and product from production, raise the non-confirming report.</li><li>To ensure that the bus body build process is comply with the regulatory and statutory requirement (ADR,UN &amp; etc)</li><li>To ensure bus body build process comply with quality plan and technical standard</li><li>To conduct bus body build problem preventive check for every bus</li><li>Maintain details records of the checking as well as relevant addition information, and various metric such as the number of defective in the production.</li><li>To support the Homologation (e.g. Noise test)</li><li>Daily reporting to QC Manager / QC executive</li><li>Others ad-hoc inspection activity which are assigned by QC Manager</li></ul><p><strong>Job Description 2 [Final QC]</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for daily quality activities for Final Inspection ( Visual inspection, Functional Test, Water Leak Test, Air Leak Test, Road Test and etc)</li><li>Disposition and summary of non-confirming during final inspection</li><li>To ensure that the bus body build process is comply with the regulatory and statutory requirement (ADR,UN &amp; etc)</li><li>To ensure bus body build process comply with quality plan and technical standard</li><li>To conduct bus body build problem preventive check for every bus</li><li>Maintain details records of the checking as well as relevant addition information, and various metric such as the number of defective during Final Inspection.</li><li>Prepare the Final Inspection Report (In house or customer format) and sign off by customer</li><li>To support the Homologation (e.g. Noise test)</li><li>Daily reporting to QC Manager / QC executive</li><li>Others ad-hoc inspection activity which are assigned by QC Manager</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least SPM/Diploma in Manufacturing / Mechanical / Electrical</li><li>Fresh graduates / Entry Level applicants are encourage to apply</li><li>Prefer at least 2 years working experience in the related field with good attitude</li><li>Able to work in fast pace environment</li><li>Able to work under pressure</li><li>Knowledge of ISO9001:2015 standard an added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Gemilang</strong> is the industry leading and Asia fastest growing bus body manufacturer.&#160; Since its inception in 23rd September 1989, <strong>Gemilang </strong>has experienced 2 decades of international growth, breakthrough technological innovation and a strong reputation for excellence.&#160; Under the leadership of a strong and responsible management team,<strong> Gemilang </strong>continues to drive the frontiers of innovation, and rapid international growth with its highly motivated and successful team.&#160;</div>
<div><strong>Gemilang Coachwork Sdn. Bhd.</strong> is primarily involved in bus body fabrication. We have expanded rapidly in recent years and now looking for suitable person to join our organisation to grow with us.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qc-inspector-automotive-technology-质量检查员-4546341?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546341&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 