---
title: "Ecolite  Biotech Manufacturing Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Cum Admin Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Ecolite  Biotech Manufacturing Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Cum Admin Executive which based in Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ecolite  Biotech Manufacturing Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Cum Admin Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Human Resource Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Microsoft Office, SQL</li><li>Preferably Executive specialized in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Good communication skills</li></ul><p>Responsibilities :</p><p>a. Updating of staff information in the database and Personnel File Maintenance and ensuring confidentiality at all times</p><p>b. To prepare yearly Training Plan.</p><p>c.To handle/organizing Internal/External Training Plan and related documentation.</p><p>d. To prepare to relevant Letter or Memo for internal &amp; external.</p><p>e. Works with HR team in Employee Engagement Activities (Sports events, Outing etc)</p><p>f. Take messages, direct calls, and answer telephone calls</p><p>i. Records Keeping and Management</p><p>J.Operate and maintain machines in the office, like personal computers, voice mail systems, facsimile machines, scanners, and photocopiers Run errands and also deliver messages</p><p>k.Order services, supplies, and materials</p><p>l. Arrange appointments, manage calendars, and complete work schedules. Office facilities management.</p><p>m. Produces information by transcribing, formatting, inputting, editing, retrieving, copying, and transmitting text, data, and graphics.</p><p>n. Welcomes guests and customers by greeting them, in person or on the telephone; answering or directing inquiries.</p><p>o. Any task that will be required and deemed necessary</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Our Services</p><p>Above being a manufacturer and distributor of our own&#160;house brand Ecolite, OEM, ODM, ingredient trading and sourcing for herbs, and marketing other nature inspired</p><p>products are part of what we do. The manufacturing processes for OEM and ODM are&#160;carried out within our own manufacturing facility that is&#160;compliant with GMP, HACCP, MESTI, VHM and Halal certification. Our facility is equipped with cutting-edge equipment, strict quality control with regular inspection&#160;by trusted third parties, efficient warehouse and logistics&#160;to ensure the best of quality and services.&#160;</p><p>Quality &amp; Reliability</p><p>We are really cautious about what goes through the&#160;mouth. And that is the reason why we are highly&#160;committed to intense certification processes to ensure&#160;that our products are worth buying. Our own&#160;manufacturing plant is compliant with GMP, HACCP,&#160;MeSTI, VHM and Halal certification programmes for food&#160;safety and peace of mind. All products are faithfully tested and checked to ensure accredited standards are&#160;attained at all times. Moreover, we strictly monitor every&#160;step of the supply chain from our carefully selected&#160;manufacturers and suppliers and from our own plant to&#160;preserve the goodness from farm to table.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-cum-admin-executive-4543182?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4543182&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 