---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Account Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account Assistant which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong><ul><li>Generate invoices to customer</li><li>Monitor/Follow up with customer on AR outstanding and issue Statements of Accounts</li><li>Prepare bank reconciliation, AR related analysis and other ad-hoc report etc</li><li>Communicate with vendor and purchasing folks to resolve problematic billing invoices on a timely basis</li><li>Reconcile our system with supplier statements received</li><li>Prepare payment to suppliers</li><li>General filing and assisting the superior(s) in ad hoc duties</li><li>Prepare aging reports, monthly payment budgeting report, and month-end closing reports and activities</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Familiar with SAP and Microsoft applications will be advantageous</li><li>At least 1 year working experience in related field preferred, an otherwise fresh grad with Accounting Degree also welcomes to apply.</li><li>Willingness to learn and diligent</li><li>Good communication and inter personal skills</li><li>Fast learner, independent and ability to meet tight deadlines</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location:<strong> Johor Bahru.</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>A major player in plastic injection moulding (origin from Singapore)</strong></li><li><strong>Have plants in Malaysia and China</strong></li></ul><div><br>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div><br>Attractive Benefits Include:<div>Fixed Basic</div><ul><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses of few Months</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Panel Doctor</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in High Profile &amp; Multi-National Environment</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-assistant-4485688?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485688&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 