---
title: "T.T.E.Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Project Engineer / Senior Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "T.T.E.Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Engineer / Senior Engineer which based in Kulim, Melaka - Others, Johor, Gelugor, Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Kulim, Melaka - Others, Johor, Gelugor, Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>T.T.E.Engineering (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Engineer / Senior Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Coordinate all M&amp;E site works for Green &amp; Brown field project</li><li>Prepare method statements, installation, testing and commissioning to the assign system</li><li>Manage the implementation of project activities including project execution at site for Mechanical or Electrical distribution system, HVAC, cleanroom, process utility system etc.</li><li><span>Assist in tender exercise - acquiring quotations, tender drawings, spec compliance, quantity take-off, </span>project costing and contract administration</li><li>Review, plan and monitor project execution schedule and ensure meeting project deliverables</li><li>Responsible for construction drawings and shop drawings etc. and able to explain the drawings requirement to client</li><li>Lead a team of junior engineer/foreman/supervisor to ensure smooth project execution in each project phase</li><li>Liaise with client, consultant, sub-contractor and relevant authorities to resolve issues</li><li>Perform interim progress claims, monitor progress payments and determine variation orders</li><li>Able to do space management and must be able to do the presentation to Client</li><li>Good knowledge of equipment functionality</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering</li><li>3 - 7 years of relevant working experience, preferably in greenfield project <strong>(industrial project)</strong></li><li>Good knowledge in projects management</li><li>Good in English and Bahasa Malaysia both in writing and communication</li><li>Computer literate and proficient in Ms. PowerPoint, Ms. Word and Ms. Excel</li><li>Knowledge in AutoCad is a must</li><li>Must be able to travel</li><li>Knowledge in Microsoft Project would be an added advantage</li><li>Vacancy available for branch office at Malacca, Johor Bahru, Penang, Kedah and Selangor</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>T.T.E. Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd. is established in 1980 in Malaysia. Among our core business are construction &amp; installation of Clean Room Systems and Interior Works, HVAC Systems, Process Utility Systems, Fire Protection Systems, Sanitary &amp; Plumbing Works, Electrical System, Dry Room and Building Construction.</p><p>T.T.E. Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd. is a registered grade G7 company under the Construction Industry Development Board of Malaysia (CIDB) and MS ISO 9001:2015 certified company since 1996. Its parent Company, Takasago Thermal Engineering Co. Ltd. Japan has shared and instilled its over 90 years of experiences and technologies in the industry to cater to the needs of engineering expertise in Malaysia.</p><p>The company incorporates Japanese ways of productive work styles, management and design thinking into the company operation. The company has more than 100 engineers as of today and is part of Takasago Thermal Engineering Co. Ltd.&#8217;s worldwide network with full back-up measures. Our experienced engineers play a major and important role in every engineering projects.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kulim, Melaka - Others, Johor, Gelugor, Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-engineer-senior-engineer-4561669?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4561669&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 