---
title: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Planner" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Planner which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Planner</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Responsibilities:-</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for scheduling production run and issuing job order</li><li>To maintain master production schedule, including past due requirements</li><li>To liaise with other department in term of raw material availability and production to ensure goods are being delivered to the customers as per schedule.</li><li>To conduct monthly production stock take and report the data to finance.</li><li>To perform job closure in a timely manner as per requirements.</li><li>Record, reports and posts for all associates to review, the shift and daily totals of production output.</li><li>To prepare and maintain records of raw materials used, including lot verification, throughput and yields.</li><li>To reviews system inventory of raw materials against present and anticipated production job orders.</li><li>To review production report and batch sheet at the end of production to confirm all elements are accounted for and steps have been properly signed off by operators.</li><li>To monitors and communicates discrepancy report activity on a daily basis.</li><li>To implements an effective and appropriate capacity management and production monitoring system.</li><li>To responsible for adherence to all quality systems including, ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, and Food Safety with an understanding of Olam&#8217;s Quality Policy and procedures.</li><li>Compliance with all Company policies including, but not limited to: Quality, Safety, Food Safety, Environmental, GMP's, HACCP, and Attendance.</li><li>Other functions as required and assigned by management.</li><li>To ensure safety, 5S, and Good Manufacturing Practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:-</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree with the relevant working experience</li><li>Preferably Executive specializing in Logistic/Supply Chain, manufacturing or equivalent.</li><li>At least 3-5 years of working experience in planning/manufacturing industry.</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Microsoft Excel.</li><li>Experience in SAP is an added advantage.</li><li>Experience in food processing industry is an added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a leading food and agri-business, supplying food ingredients, feed and fibre to thousands of customers worldwide, ranging from multi-national organisations with world famous brands to small family run businesses.</p><p>Each customer depends on us to provide goods and services that are safe, on-time and in line with required specification. They also rely on us to help them create new opportunities.</p><p>Established in 1989, we are listed on the Singapore Exchange.&#160;Our team of more than 81,000 employees have built leadership positions in many of our businesses such as&#160;<strong>Cocoa</strong>,&#160;<strong>Coffee</strong>,&#160;<strong>Cotton</strong>,&#160;<strong>Nuts</strong>&#160;and&#160;<strong>Spices</strong>. Our&#160;<strong>6 values</strong>&#160;shape our actions towards our work, our customers, our suppliers, each other and our culture.</p><p>As well as growing crops in our own orchards and estates, and sourcing from over 5 million farmers globally, we operate 75 large processing and manufacturing facilities, and through our 14 innovation centres, we develop ingredients and find solutions for our customers. We also provide support services including&#160;risk management solutions&#160;and&#160;<strong>logistics and infrastructure</strong>. Through our&#160;<strong>Packaged Foods Business</strong>,&#160;we market our own brands directly to consumers in Africa.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-planner-4604600?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4604600&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 