---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Supervisor (Assembly Experience)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-14 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Supervisor (Assembly Experience) which based in Johor, Melaka, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Supervisor (Assembly Experience)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>To lead production main line ensure achieve the performance as per target.</li><li>To co-ordinate and ensure all line activities such as manpower, material, engineering, etc are carried out successfully.</li><li>To lead a team of line leaders, trainers, material handlers &amp; operators to meet daily quantity and quality targets.</li><li>To train a team of line leaders, trainers, material handlers and operators to carry out work efficiently.</li><li>To motivate a team of line leaders, trainers, material handlers and operators to achieve high working morale.</li><li>To monitor the line scrapped material yield and material attrition rate.</li><li>To ensure the cleanliness and tidiness of the production line. Ensure production floor in good 5S condition compliance to CSR.</li><li>To enforce that all line workers should follow all company regulations and safety Requirements compliance to CSR.</li><li>To generate production line output report submit to Snr. Production supervisor daily.</li><li>To lead a team conduct physical inventory count accurancy for particular line.</li><li>To perform periodic line checking ensure production operate in proper organized manner and analysis result to achive KPI.</li><li>To work out with cross functional team on line process improvement in order to optimize in terms of cycle time, man power, reject rate.</li><li>To help Senior Supervisor to execute all planned and unplanned activities.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS :</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma/Degree and above</li><li>Assembly Manufacture Supervisor Skill</li><li>Minimum 1 year experience in assembly manufacturing field</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div></div><div>Location: <strong>Johor&#160;</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>A major player in plastic injection moulding</strong></li></ul><div><br>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div><br>Attractive Benefits Include:<ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Allowances</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Benefits</strong></li><li><strong>Yearly Variable Bonuses</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Friendly, well-organized, systematic, high-technology environment to work in</strong></li></ul></div><div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to <strong>jess@careermaster.com.my</strong></div><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-supervisor-assembly-experience-4481315?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481315&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 