---
title: "INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Planner" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Planner which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>INSUT (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Planner</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Description</p><ul><li>Coordinates with Customer to receive Forecast and Purchase Order</li><li>Validate Forecast and Purchase order to record in K3 System</li><li>Ensure all Purchase Order received have no price discrepancy. Issue PI if needed by customer</li><li>Analyses and interprets bills of material for the forecast and purchase order given</li><li>Review inventory level for Direct Material and Finish Goods of order given</li><li>Generates Direct Material order request by calculating shortages required by BOM</li><li>Review Direct Material ETA with buyer for machines scheduling</li><li>Generates Machines Schedule based on customer order by analyzing readiness of direct material and machine capacity</li><li>Generates Work order in K3 System based on machine planning</li><li>Ensure all Picking List and Stock Transfer Note comply with work order in K3 System</li><li>Coordinate with Logistic Department day to day shipment plan activity</li><li>Make sure each operation meets shipping dates according to sales forecasts or customer orders</li><li>Generates sales forecast monthly and yearly based on trend/forecast and customer confirm order</li><li>Generates and analyse monthly machine planning based on trend/forecast and customer confirm order</li><li>Ensure all task required by K3 system have been performed for each order</li><li>Track the status of any orders by coordinating with customer</li><li>Review deliveries against the orders</li><li>Produces and maintain all related planning reports everyday</li><li>Assists ad-hock job during inventory, report preparation and etc.</li></ul><p>Perform other duties as assigned.</p><p>Job Requirement</p><ul><li>Degree in any discipline</li><li>Minimum 2-5 years' related working experience in manufacturing environment</li><li>Strong analytical &amp; problem-solving skills</li><li>Results and deadline-driven</li><li>Knowledge of ERP (K3) module is compulsory</li><li>Good IT skills in MS-Office (Word, Excel, PPT)</li><li>Able to work independently and effectively in a team environment</li><li>Good command of spoken and written English and Mandarin for dealing with HQ and customer</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Insut (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd&#160;is a well-established China based manufacturing company in Plastic Injection Molding with Assembly.</p><p>&#160;INTRETECH</p><p>In my heart</p><p>Nothing is impossible</p><p>To be No. 1</p><p>Responsibility and</p><p>Execution are very important</p><p>To be professional</p><p>Enjoy the work</p><p>Create 1st class product and</p><p>High value for customer</p><p>Insut was invested and founded by Xiamen Insut Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 002925). It has strong manufacturing capabilities and a complete management system. It focuses on the design and manufacture of precision plastic molds, precision plastic structural parts injection molding, Surface treatment and assembly.&#160;Currently serving consumer electronics, medical, food, smart home, automotive and other industries, it has formed an integrated service system of R&amp;D, design, production and sales.</p><p>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Surplus plastic&#160;(Insut)&#160;in response to market demand, the company has set up in Longhai, Zhangzhou, Suzhou, Malaysia, Hungary four wholly-owned subsidiaries, currently covers an area of 100,000 square meters, has a total staff of more than 1,500 people.&#160;The company has passed ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO13485, IATF16949 and BRC certification.&#160;It has formed a highly informatized and automated intelligent manufacturing system to meet the needs of integrated services such as collaborative development, customized services, flexible production, and information interconnection. It adheres to the core concept of "team, agility, prosperity, homeland", and uses world-class equipment to do First-class products, we are committed to becoming a world-class provider of integrated solutions for precision plastic structural parts.</p><p>Insut (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd was founded by Zhangzhou Insut Industry Co, LTD at February 2020 and established at July 2020.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/planner-4596372?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596372&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 