---
title: "Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Air / Sea Freight Operations Junior Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Air / Sea Freight Operations Junior Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Air / Sea Freight Operations Junior Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Documentation, execution, invoicing, billing and also costing of shipments</li><li>Facilitates requests for spot quotes, presents quotes to Clients for approval and advises operations accepted quotes</li><li>Capture booking/pick-up details and instructs operating branches that shipments are awaiting processing</li><li>Provides immediate response to special service needs, including priority shipments, oversize items, large distributions, high value and time sensitive deliveries</li><li>Monitor shipments and provide updates to Clients as requested</li><li>Completes regularly scheduled Client reports</li><li>Enter data into Client operating or visibility systems</li><li>Monitors service and service metrics including Hellogic transmissions and investigates service issues proactively, working with the appropriate teams to implement solutions and communicate them to the Client</li><li>Investigates billing issues and develops solutions for problems to ensure accurate invoices are provided to the Client in a timely manner,</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Founded in 1871, our company started with one man, Carl Heinrich Hellmann, using a horse-drawn cart to deliver parcels in and around the town of Osnabrueck, northern Germany. Four generations later, Carl&#8217;s great-grandchildren, Jost and Klaus, own and run the company with an active network in 157 countries. Today we operate a truly global organization while remembering our humble beginnings: we continue to value every customer and understand that each project requires a unique solution. This powerful combination of an individual approach within an international framework ensures that we deliver top-quality customized logistics solutions, every time.</p><p>We constantly strive to develop better, more efficient ways to do business, whether it is by implementing cutting-edge technology, increasing the number of services we provide, or expanding our network of branches and warehouses. This dynamic mind-set is reflected in our motto &#8220;Thinking Ahead, Moving Forward&#8221; and demonstrates a tradition of innovation which is intrinsic to every part of the Hellmann company.</p><p>Our adaptability has been and continues to be possible because of the quality of our people. We actively seek to hire capable and committed employees, and to create a working environment in which they can fully realize their potential while delivering results which guarantee our success and your satisfaction.</p><p>Hellmann&#8217;s transition from a one-man company to one of the world&#8217;s leading logistics providers is a result of all these factors. They are the cornerstones of our business and are the reason for past achievements, the foundation for future success and the values which make Hellmann the right choice for you today.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/air-sea-freight-operations-junior-executive-4588349?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4588349&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 