---
title: "JD SPORTS FASHION SDN. BHD. Vacancies Assistant Store Manager (Gurney Plaza Penang)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-02 
excerpt: "JD SPORTS FASHION SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Store Manager (Gurney Plaza Penang) which positioned at Johor, Melaka, Penang, Kuantan" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka, Penang, Kuantan] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JD SPORTS FASHION SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Store Manager (Gurney Plaza Penang)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>What will you do?</strong></div><ul><li><strong>General</strong><ul><li>To assist in the day to day operation of the store. Take ownership of several duties and ensure that the stores KPIs are achieved.</li><li>Be the first point of contact, motivate the work force to drive sales and offer exceptional customer service, while exceeding targets and maintaining the standards of the business.</li><li>Manage the team, drive sales and maximising the store profitability, while providing industry leading service on the high street. Continue to exceed stores KPIs and maintain the Company standards while following the Company guidelines. Act as a business representative in the most professional manner.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Customer service</strong><ul><li>Maintain customer retention by providing first class service.</li><li>Ensure that customers are given considerate and responsible service throughout their visit.</li><li>Deal with enquires and complaints and resolve the issue/request in a professional manner.</li><li>Ensure standard dress code for the team is in line with the company guidelines.</li><li>Strong understanding of the Customer Service measuring programme- Observation Checklist.</li><li>Maintain consistency with the team to achieve the highest service levels.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Sales</strong><ul><li>Ensure sales targets are met with outstanding result.</li><li>Understand and interpret relevant oracle reports, i.e. Wall Sales Report, Branch Review Report, Top Sales Report etc.</li><li>Conduct analysis on relevant Oracle reports to make key sales decisions.</li><li>Manage in store devices to capitalise on a wider range of products.</li><li>Ensure the team is utilising the in-store devices effectively.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Visual Merchandising</strong><ul><li>Attract, engage and motivate customers to place their purchase by using the latest visual techniques.</li><li>Carry out the weekly briefing to the team to maintain higher visuals standard.</li><li>Ensure all merchandise item is being tag with the updated selling price as well as all POS is being correctly displayed in the store.</li><li>Always ensure that the display items are clean, place in a proper and presentable manner in the store.</li><li>Ensure all new and advertised item are being placed in a visible area in the store.</li><li>Ensure the team is comply with the Visual Merchandising guidelines in the store.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Training &amp; Development</strong><ul><li>Develop the team by providing appropriate training to them to encourage progression within the company.</li><li>Organise regular training meeting to the team to ensure they are meeting the higher standards requirement.</li><li>Monitor the internal progression for the team and ensure all of them have completed the E-Assessments as per required.</li></ul></li></ul><div><b>What will you have?</b></div><ul><li>Carrer advancement opportunities</li><li>Attractive salary package</li><li>commission</li><li>Attractive incentive package</li><li>Opportunity for enhanced learning</li><li>Supportive and inovatif work culture</li><li>5 work day</li><li>Medical benefit</li><li>Staff purchase</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>At least 5 years of working experience in the retail operation industry / with previous retail experience. Supervisory skill is preferred.</li><li>Experience in managing a fast-paced retail operation, passion for people &amp; processes.</li><li>Strong leadership and management skill.</li><li>Must be willing to work on shift, during weekends and/or public holiday.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skill in English and Bahasa Malaysia.Knowing mandarin would be an added advantage.</li><li>Able to communicate, influence and negotiate effectively with all levels of people.</li><li>Able to analyse situations and resolve the issues with innovative and creative thinking.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>With Over 30 years of experience in sports fashion retail, JD Sports distributes the latest and best street style sports fashion brands to the globe. Among the familiar brands are Adidas Originals, Nike, Converse, Lacoste, Filla, Timberland, EA7, The North Face, Supply and Demand and Asics. Additionally,JD Sports also distributes exclusive sneakers designed by leading designers that are supplied and sold only via JD. JD Sports' deep experience and understanding of sneakers has earned the company the reputation as 'King Of Trainers'. JD Sports also carries an extensive range of sports and street style clothing for all ages, men, women and children. Founded in 1981 and headquartered in Bury, United Kingdom, the company currently operates over 800 stores worlwide</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka, Penang, Kuantan. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-store-manager-gurney-plaza-penang-4474926?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4474926&sectionRank=5&token=0~b6987222-f6c2-4010-8d5c-860f3e28feaa&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 