---
title: "UNIVERSAL RAIL SOLUTIONS SDN. BHD. Vacancies Human Resources Manager - Site Office" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "UNIVERSAL RAIL SOLUTIONS SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Manager - Site Office which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNIVERSAL RAIL SOLUTIONS SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Manager - Site Office</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Reporting to Director</strong></p><p>This position is key to maintain and enhance the organization's human resources by planning, implementing, and evaluating employee relations and human resource policies, programs, and practices.</p><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></p><p><strong>Recruitment and Selection&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Attract, retain and motivate staff. Manage the recruitment process and ensure candidates fit the role and company culture.</li><li>Advertise vacancies, assess applications, interview applicants.</li><li>Coordinate and manage the orientation of new employees, process probationary reviews, employee evaluations and terminations.</li><li>Analyse the skills and qualities required for each particular job and develop job descriptions.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills Development</strong></p><ul><li>Identify training /skills / competency needs within the organisation.&#160;</li><li>Coordinate career development, succession planning and talent management needs in partnership with line management.&#160;</li><li>Submit the skills development plan within the prescribed timeframe.</li><li>Identify skills shortages and where there is need to improve and inform management.</li></ul><p><strong>Employee Relation</strong></p><ul><li>Consult and advise management and staff on Labour relations issues.&#160;</li><li>Ensure awareness on Basic conditions of Employment Act and all other labour legislation.</li></ul><p><strong>Performance Management</strong></p><ul><li>Manage the company performance management process.</li><li>Familiar with setting up Key Performance Indicator (KPI) for employees&#160;</li><li>Custodian of effective performance management practices.&#160;</li><li>Implement performance management / talent management initiatives.&#160;</li><li>Ensure that performance management is standardized.&#160;</li><li>Ensure that all employees are informed of and trained in the application of the performance management model and system.</li></ul><p><strong>Change Management</strong></p><ul><li>Lead programmes that are aimed at improving employee morale.&#160;</li><li>Identify and analyse current organisational effectiveness.&#160;</li><li>Initiate and implement organisational surveys.</li></ul><p><strong>Policies and Procedures</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>Develop, update and implement all HR policies and procedures.</li></ul><p><strong>Budget &amp; Cost Management</strong></p><ul><li>Drive HR related cost savings and manage HR budgets as set by executive management</li></ul><p><strong>HR Reporting and Administration</strong></p><ul><li>Manage company payroll administration.&#160;</li><li>Compile monthly management reports all on all key output areas of the position.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills and Qualification</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum diploma/ degree in related field</li><li>At least 3-5 years of leadership role as HR Manager</li><li>Experience in compliance to all regulations and handling of issues related to Statutory Regulations</li><li>General knowledge of the principles and practices of personnel administration</li><li>Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with peers and employees</li><li>Ability to present information and make recommendations effectively in oral and written form</li><li>Demonstrated ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.</li><li>Demonstrates good judgment; approachable and professional; solid problem solving skills; ability to handle multiple tasks; self-motivated; well organized.</li><li>Excellent and interpersonal skills with a proven ability to build positive relationships with key stakeholders and colleagues at all levels both internal and external to DCU</li><li>Excellent leadership and management skills</li><li>Excellent communication skills, both written and oral</li><li>Ability to work independently and proactively</li><li>Proficient in the ERP Software will be an advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>As a subsidy of the famed GATES PCM Construction Ltd of Singapore, Universal Rail Solutions Sdn. Bhd. serves as the firm to execute the works of GATES PCM Construction Ltd in the Malaysian market.</p><p>Having been started in March 2018, the company has the firm support in terms of expertise and equipment from GATES PCM Construction Ltd, which has been playing a major part in the developing infrastructure of the Singapore Railway network.</p><p>Having been part of the every major railway project in Singapore since the Circle Line project and the recently concluded 3rd Rail Replacement Project for the East West line (Project QX14-018), the company boasts a strong track record of being a local leader in not just the areas of new build, but also attaining a strong market share in the area of railway maintenance.</p><p>Just as its parent company, Universal Rail Solutions Sdn. Bhd. is also equipped to handle the areas of railway new-built as well as railway maintenance. Capable of conducting several railway related works such as designing, surveying, welding and other engineering works, the company is also capable of acting as consultants for the execution of railway projects on turnkey basis.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-manager-site-office-4487421?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487421&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 