---
title: "Savino Del Bene Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE (JOHOR BAHRU)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-04 
excerpt: "Savino Del Bene Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE (JOHOR BAHRU) which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Savino Del Bene Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE (JOHOR BAHRU)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities :</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible to handle import shipping , permit declaration and transport documents for processing</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/"O" Level in Logistic/Transportation or equivalent.</li><li>At least 2 Year of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill Ability to do customs permit / tradenet, , excel,</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Logistics/Supply Chain or equivalent.</li><li>Responsible for daily documentation for import operations and ensure Import shipment are properly handled and the needs of customers are met</li><li>Liaison / coordinate with Carrier / freight forwarder / vendor for inbound</li><li>Ability to do customs permit / tradenet</li><li>Attend to email correspondence with customers &amp; overseas agents</li><li>Preparing Invoice to customers &amp; Verify invoices from vendors</li><li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>Able to work independently in a fast paced environment</li><li>Positive working attitude</li><li>Other ad-hoc assignments as assigned by reporting supervisors</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements :</strong></p><ul><li><span>Education/Experience: Diploma, Degree or equivalent with at least 2-4 years of relevant experience in shipping / logistics industry preferably from freight forwarder environment.</span></li><li><span>Demonstrate customer service focus.</span></li><li><span>Strong PC knowledge, Microsoft Windows, Word, Excel and Outlook required.</span></li><li><span>Proactive, self-starter, self-Management, organized, hardworking, result and customer oriented.</span></li><li><span>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with an ability to do presentations &amp; written in English</span></li><li><span>Required language English and Bahasa Malaysia</span></li><li><span>Committed, trustworthy, reliable, disciplined, dedicated, able to adapt and work in a challenging business environment.</span></li><li><span>Able to work independently and under pressure with minimum supervision.</span></li><li><span>Prior experience in MNC (Shipping/NVOCC) will be an added advantage.</span></li><li><span>Possess own transport.</span></li><li><span>Applicants should be Malaysian.&#160;</span></li></ul><p><strong><em>Open position</em></strong><strong><em> as follow:-</em></strong></p><p>Salary RM2,5<span>00.00 - RM3,500.00 subject to allowance depending on the years of experience.</span></p><p>Working loc<span>ation will be based in JHB branch</span></p><p><em>All posit</em><em>ions and remuneration packages will commensurate with experience. Interested applicants are invited to write in your detailed resume with expected salary and contact numbers to the following HR office:&#160;</em></p><p><em>Main Office located in :</em></p><p><strong>Savino Del Bene (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd &#8211; Port Klang Branch</strong></p><p>B-3A-3, 3Ath Floor, North Tower (Tower B),BBT One The Towers,</p><p>Lebuh Batu Nilam 1,Bandar Bukit Tinggi 41200 Klang,</p><p>Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p><strong>Person to contact : Mr Daniele</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Savino Del Bene, whose name is homonymous of its founder, started up in Florence, Italy, at the beginning of the 1900's. The company's early focus was to develop freight forwarding services primarily towards the USA. Today, Savino Del Bene has evolved into a global logistics provider with a worldwide network, specialized in supply chain management, offering services for ocean, air and surface transportation.</p><p>The Savino Del Bene Group is a global operator with&#160;over 3800 employees, 158 own branches, 102 subsidiary offices, and with the support of&#160;over 150 selected correspondents.</p><p>With a professional team available at all times in your local market, we are able to adapt to the requirements of individual markets through our widespread presence and full understanding of local customs and administrative regulations. Savino Del Bene offers tailor-made solutions combined with competitive rates and professionalism.</p><p>Our commitment to offering professional transportation services is rooted in our&#160;Health Safety Quality Environment Policy. Our participation in global, national and regional transportation related organizations, ensures that our customers are always kept up to date on the latest market information and requirements.</p><p>Having been at the customer's service for over 100 years, Savino Del Bene's outlook is to face their second century of business with renewed energy and commitment.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operations-executive-johor-bahru-4556290?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4556290&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 