---
title: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Contract Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-01 
excerpt: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Contract Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Contract Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#8220;Everything about our industry is XL. The projects, the challenges, but also the opportunities. Mammoet readily embraces people with a can-do mentality and the ability to think on their toes. It is a rewarding environment for those looking to maximize their potential.&#8221;</p><p>Mammoet is full of people who love what they do. Loyal, hardworking and with a desire to find the best way to do their job. They are open and outspoken. Even blunt at times. But always with a sense of humor and respect for each other&#8217;s qualities. When you spread this attitude around the world amazing things can happen. If you want to be the best you can possibly be, then Mammoet might just be your company. Reach out and join us. You&#8217;ll be surprised by the difference you can make.</p><p><strong>The Role</strong></p><p>Reporting to the Project Director, you will be responsible for contract management support to the Project Management teams. You will be working across projects, each with an individual project manager and site teams.&#160;</p><p>This is a key role requiring a self-starter, results driven individual that is comfortable working autonomously.&#160;</p><p>As our <strong>Contracts Manager</strong>, you will be involved in the tasks such as:&#160;</p><ul><li>Assisting in commercial meetings where required.&#160;</li><li>Prepare Contract variations and ad hoc claims</li><li>Lead claims negotiation&#160;</li><li>Future projections for Contract Variations</li><li>Quantity surveying including cost planning and pricing of estimates&#160;</li><li>Review of all project agreements, contracts, invoices and cost estimates</li><li>Negotiate terms and conditions with subcontractors with all factors affecting the services and pricing</li><li>Perform quality and quantitative controls review</li><li>Communicating with all relevant departments to ensure the project are progressing smoothly and that all contractual obligations are met</li><li>Liaising with external legal advisors, project control and finance teams</li><li>Monitoring and reporting on all project variations matters</li></ul><p><strong>Qualification and experience:</strong></p><ul><li>Graduate degree in Commerce or Business (or Law/Commercial Law) or relevant equivalent qualifications and/or experience relatable to this field, i.e. Quantity Surveyor</li><li>5-10 years&#8217; experience</li><li>Broad experience with the contract administration processes and procedures</li><li>Experience with dealing with EPC&#8217;s</li><li>Experience in Construction sector</li><li>Excellent English (verbal and written)</li><li>International Contracts management e.g. FIDIC and NEC.</li><li>If outside Thailand &#8211; willing to move to Thailand or spend extensive periods in Thailand</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mammoet provides tailor made heavy lifting and transportation solution. Mammoet has the largest heavy lift fleet of cranes worldwide, with over 3600 employees that have extensive expertise in the specialized fields of heavy lifting, sea and land transportation, supply of cranes and other lifting devices, engineering and project management. Difficult projects under difficult terrain conditions have been completed safely and successfully to the full satisfaction of our clients.</p><p>Mammoet has been operating in the South East Asia region more than 30 years and have been involved in most of the major projects in the Petrochemical, Power, Civil and Offshore sectors. Rentals and the ever increasing offshore load outs are equally important and form an integral part of our business. In Malaysia, our Johor office is a Regional Headquarter (OHQ) for Operations. From Johor / Malaysia office, we support the Group to provide equipment (including mobilization of equipment), manpower and expertise to execute the project within APAC. Beside that we also support Mammoet Global operations in other regions (Europe, USA and Middle East) for the execution of the projects. Details about Mammoet can be found our website www.mammoet.com.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/contract-manager-4494067?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4494067&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 