---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies SAFETY MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SAFETY MANAGER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SAFETY MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A career as a&#160;<strong>Safety Manager </strong>within the Logistics Industry offers a rewarding and exciting work environment. In this role you will monitor with all QHSE related matters such as&#160;<strong>ISO requirements, inspections, audits and all supporting documentation.</strong></p><p>A Safety Manager is a role to prevent workplace accidents and promotes health and safety awareness and education to fellow employees. It is your responsibility to make sure that employees follow health and safety laws and creating policies for a safer work environment.</p><p><strong>What does a Safety Manager job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>Create and implement workplace health and safety plans and procedures</li><li>Evaluate health and safety practice and procedures for risk assessment and following legal guidelines</li><li>Conduct accident prevention training and health and safety training</li><li>Inspect equipment for unsafe workplace conditions</li><li>Monitor employee conformity to safety laws and policies</li><li>Investigate accidents and incidents to find cause and take prevention measures for further incidents</li><li>Handle worker's compensation claims in the event of a workplace accident</li><li>Suggest solutions, improvements, and prevention steps for safety issues</li></ul><p>Key skills and qualifications of a <strong>Safety Manager</strong>:</p><ul><li>Certified in risk management and health/safety management</li><li>Thorough knowledge of health and safety laws and guidelines</li><li>Previous experience as a&#160;<strong>Safety Supervisor in Logistics and Chemical are required,</strong>&#160;or equivalent experience in a similar role outside of the logistic and chemical industry may be acceptable.</li><li>Extensive attention to detail to distinguish safety hazards</li><li>Ability to provide detailed reports and develop safety procedures</li><li>Good understanding of data analysis and risk assessment</li><li>Good organizational, leadership and motivational skills</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills</li><li>Ability to recognize when safety conditions need improvement</li><li>Ability to prioritize tasks especially when handling an accident or incident</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/safety-manager-4548005?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548005&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 