---
title: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Sales Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>This role is responsible for local and international OEM business and export sales. He/she will assist the Business Development Manager in managing leads, sales coordination, and sales closing.</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li>Identify prospects, new leads and follow through OEM&#8217;s projects from start to end.</li><li>Assist to develop the plans and strategies to achieve local and international OEM sales volume.</li><li>Actively participate in trade shows, fairs and events to build rapid network connection with prospects leads.</li><li>Work closely with all departments including planner, R&amp;D, QA, QC, Finance and Logistic to close deal.</li><li>Attend and facilitate customer&#8217;s plant audit, product trial etc.</li><li>Prepare and update periodic report for management review.</li><li>Sensitivity to market trends and provide updates to management.</li><li>Rack and optimize existing and new key strategies to drive OEM sales volume.</li><li>Work closely and assist Business Development Manager in local and international OEM sales.</li><li>Strengthen and&#160;develop existing OEM customers. Develop long-term mutual relationship with key customers via consistent business reviews.</li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess minimum Diploma, Bachelor's Degree or higher</li><li>Minimum 1 year&#8217; experience in OEM and export sales.</li><li>Minimum 2 years in project management skill.</li><li>Strong communication and presentation skills.</li><li>Basic OEM manufacturing knowledge.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A members of FRASER AND NEAVE Group&#160;Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd is situated in Malaysia, established in June 1993. The company has invested more than 60 million dollars to set up a modernized factory in Johor, Malaysia, with the land area of 10 acres.&#160;</p><p>Our Company was awarded HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point) from SGS and MOH Malaysia, US-FDA (Food and Drug Administration) and &#8216;HALAL&#8217; Certificate certified by Islamic Development of Malaysia since year 2003 and Majelis Ulama Indonesia (MUI) since year 2013.&#160;Our production lines has total production capacity of 75000 cans per hour, consist of 4 aluminum can filling lines for 300ml, 250ml slim and 1 PP bottle line for 300ml. These production lines produced all kind of Asian drink e.g. soya bean drink, herbal tea, fruit juice with pulp, energy drink and coffee.&#160;We carry our house-brands such as &#8216;Day Day&#8217;, &#8216;Juice Secret&#8217; and&#160;&#8216;Unifresh&#8217; which incorporate different range of beverages form Asian soya bean drink, fruit juice, coffee, energy drink to tea drink.&#160;Beside independent production, we are also involved in business collaborations such as Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) and Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) with other companies on a variety of products. We are contract packing for countries such as Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, China, Middle East, United Kingdom, USA, Africa and etc.&#160;</p><p>We are proud to be&#160;a member of the Fraser and Neave Group.&#160;Please visit to https://www.fraserandneave.com/ for group information.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-4548191?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548191&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 