---
title: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Production Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-15 
excerpt: "Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li>Ensure smooth and continuous production. To strives for continuous improvement in the effective and efficient use of manpower, equipment and other resources.</li><li>&#160;Control and minimize wastage so as to achieve high quality products at optimum cost in all manufacturing process.</li><li>&#160;To maintain raw material, work-in-progress and finished goods to the optimum level.</li><li>&#160;Liaise with Purchasing, Production, Store and Maintenance and make recommendation relating processes, material and procedures affecting quality and food safety.</li><li>&#160;Liaise with QA/ QC Department to ensure the product quality and food safety is maintained and met the customers&#8217; requirements.</li><li>&#160;Upgrade and introduce production procedures, product specifications, and instructions as and when required.</li><li>&#160;Authorise to stop or continue the non-conformity/ out specification during production.</li><li>&#160;Implement HACCP system requirement which is related to production/ processing.</li><li>Maintain and improve process efficiency and quality standard.</li><li>Provide managerial and technical support for subordinates to ensure KPIs performance achievement.</li><li>Monitor and ensure Production&#8217;s compliance to GMP, HACCP and HALAL requirements.</li><li>Perform any other duties assigned by the Management.</li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ol><li>Degree in any Engineering field or equivalent.</li><li>At least 10 years of working experience in a managerial position in Production operations is required for this position.</li><li>Preferable manager specialised in manufacturing/ production operations of FMCG industry.</li><li>Familiar with GMP, HACCP and HALAL requirements.</li><li>Excellent communication skills.</li><li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A members of FRASER AND NEAVE Group&#160;Yoke Food Industries Sdn. Bhd is situated in Malaysia, established in June 1993. The company has invested more than 60 million dollars to set up a modernized factory in Johor, Malaysia, with the land area of 10 acres.&#160;</p><p>Our Company was awarded HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point) from SGS and MOH Malaysia, US-FDA (Food and Drug Administration) and &#8216;HALAL&#8217; Certificate certified by Islamic Development of Malaysia since year 2003 and Majelis Ulama Indonesia (MUI) since year 2013.&#160;Our production lines has total production capacity of 75000 cans per hour, consist of 4 aluminum can filling lines for 300ml, 250ml slim and 1 PP bottle line for 300ml. These production lines produced all kind of Asian drink e.g. soya bean drink, herbal tea, fruit juice with pulp, energy drink and coffee.&#160;We carry our house-brands such as &#8216;Day Day&#8217;, &#8216;Juice Secret&#8217; and&#160;&#8216;Unifresh&#8217; which incorporate different range of beverages form Asian soya bean drink, fruit juice, coffee, energy drink to tea drink.&#160;Beside independent production, we are also involved in business collaborations such as Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) and Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) with other companies on a variety of products. We are contract packing for countries such as Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, China, Middle East, United Kingdom, USA, Africa and etc.&#160;</p><p>We are proud to be&#160;a member of the Fraser and Neave Group.&#160;Please visit to https://www.fraserandneave.com/ for group information.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-manager-4537241?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4537241&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 