---
title: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Customer Program Management Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-13 
excerpt: "Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Program Management Specialist which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Celestica Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Program Management Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Detailed Description:</strong><ul><li>Incumbents are fully qualified to execute job/role accountabilities working independently on most aspects of the job.</li><li>Work is performed within established professional standards and practices.</li><li>Tasks are moderately complex in nature where judgment is required to complete recurring assignments independently and to determine the best methods to follow to complete assignments.</li><li>Erroneous decisions or failure to achieve results may have a negative impact on the division&#8217;s/department&#8217;s operations, schedules, and/or performance goals.</li><li>Builds internal and external relationships, with emphasis on those that facilitate the achievement of job/role accountabilities, such as relationships with key suppliers, customers and internal service.</li><li>Participates as a member of a customer focus team and acts as an interface between customers and the team.</li><li>Receives, reviews and monitors status of customer orders.</li><li>Works with internal and external customers to identify and resolve issues that may affect the on-time delivery of the product(s).</li><li>Communicates customer requirements and issues in production meetings.</li><li>Researches issues such as material, forecast, EDI transmission, and production problems and coordinates resolution with department managers, process owners or the customer.</li><li>Maintains issues, complaints and corrective action requests for reporting purposes.</li><li>Enters data into database ensuring root cause is reached and issue is closed.</li><li>Troubleshoots return issues.</li><li>Develops, maintains and generates all necessary performance reports and measurements for dissemination to internal staff.</li><li>Tracks and resolves all issues and discrepancies pertaining to the creation of monthly management reports.</li><li>Analyzes issues and problems to determine trends.</li><li>Prepares, analyzes and distributes reports which may include open order status, placements, on time delivery, return metrics inventory and buffer stock status, order turn time, yields, forecasting accuracy, order coverage, shipments and reports for special customer requests.</li><li>Assists more experienced team members in the preparation of new product, qualification and service quotes.</li><li>Tracks project and billing and communicates status to team and customer.</li></ul><div><strong>Knowledge/Skills/Competencies:</strong></div><ul><li>Knowledge of the manufacturing process, schedules and scheduling requirements, and logistics.</li><li>Knowledge of the business issues associated with manufacturing.</li><li>Knowledge of customer contracts and terms.</li><li>Excellent customer contact, negotiation and problem resolution skills.</li><li>Good presentation, database management and computer skills.</li><li>Knowledge of computer applications and the ability to accurately perform tasks in some or all of the following applications: Access, Excel, Word and PowerPoint.</li><li>Ability to enter detailed data from source documents into various databases with speed and a high degree of accuracy.</li><li>Ability to manage multiple, detailed projects to a successful end while working under tight time deadlines.</li><li>Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, with a wide variety of internal and external customers</li></ul><div><strong>Physical Demands:</strong></div><ul><li>Duties of this position are performed in a normal office environment.</li><li>Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data.</li><li>Repetitive manual movements (e.g., data entry, using a computer mouse, using a calculator, etc.) are frequently required.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Celestica (NYSE, TSX: CLS) enables the world&#8217;s best brands. Through our recognized customer-centric approach, we partner with leading companies in Aerospace and Defense, Communications, Enterprise, HealthTech, Industrial, Capital Equipment and Energy to deliver solutions for their most complex challenges. As a leader in design, manufacturing, hardware platform and supply chain solutions, Celestica brings global expertise and insight at every stage of product development &#8211; from drawing board to full-scale production and after-market services for products from advanced medical devices, to highly engineered aviation systems, to next-generation hardware platform solutions for the Cloud.
	
	<div>
		Headquartered in Toronto, with talented teams spanning 40+ locations in 13 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia, we imagine, develop and deliver a better future with our customers.</div>
<div>
		Celestica would like to thank all applicants, however, only qualified applicants will be contacted.</div>
<div>
		Celestica does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-program-management-specialist-4589304?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4589304&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 