---
title: "NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies MARKETING EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MARKETING EXECUTIVE which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MARKETING EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION </strong></p><p><strong>Industry</strong> : Fabrication Piping &amp; Structured for Oil &amp; Gas Industry</p><p><strong>Location</strong> : Pasir Gudang, Johor</p><p><strong>Working Day / Hours</strong> : Monday to Thursday (8.30am - 5.30pm), Friday (8.30am - 6.30pm)</p><p><strong>Salary</strong> : Based on experiences.</p><p>1. Preparing &amp; updating additional of Tools &amp; Equipment for Business and Development Department &#160;(Websites, Name card, Company Brochure, Company Flyers, company profile in handbook, media social advertising (Facebook, Linked In, etc)</p><p>2. To gather every NAEC project picture and updating on company profile slide presentation</p><p>3. Searching new Oil &amp; gas company within Malaysia &amp; Singapore and updating monthly in NAEC company customer directory record.</p><p>4. Searching related exhibitions of Oil &amp; Gas and identify suitability for NAEC to participate.</p><p>5. Send company introduction email to any potential customer that related with NAEC business nature.</p><p>6. Follow up closely with the potential customer for the opportunities through email, phone, meeting or etc.</p><p>7. Vendor Registration for all high-profile company in Malaysia</p><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong></p><p>1. Candidate must posses at least Bachelor's Degree, Professional Degree in Marketing, Advertising, Media, Art, Design, Creative Multimedia,&#160; Mass Communications, IT related Business studies or equivalent.</p><p>2. At least 2 to 3 years of working experience in related field is required for this position</p><p>3. Experience in Piping and Structure prefabrication and installation in the Oil and Gas Industry, Quality and Program Management is advantage.</p><p>4. Excellent communication and Good Interpersonal skill</p><p>5. Familiar with entertainment events and company functions.</p><p>6. Strong in Public Relation background</p><p>7. Able to write and speak in English and Bahasa Malaysia</p><p>8. Mandarin language is advantage</p><p><strong>OTHER QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT</strong></p><p>1. Familiar with Downstream sector (Fabrication &amp; Installation works)</p><p>2. Basic knowledge on fabrication of Pipe Spool &amp; Structure Fabrication</p><p>3. Basic knowledge on advertising and social media platform to promote company profile</p><p>4. Communication and interpersonal skills with customer-facing skills</p><p>For interested candidate, please click the button 'apply" and forward your resume with latest photo.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (NAEC) is a subsidiary company of&#160;Nanjing Auto Electric Co., Ltd. NAEC's&#160;core business is to provide lean-fabrication one-stop solution to energy engineering contractors and fabricators. With advanced innovation ability and continuous integration of new technology &amp; processes, NAEC's solutions ensure its users high quality and efficient fabrication, and to make itself becomes nationwide clients' most preferred partner.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-executive-4549772?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4549772&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 