---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Category Technologist (Food Packaging)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-17 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Category Technologist (Food Packaging) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Category Technologist (Food Packaging)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>About the Role:</strong><br><br>The <strong>Category Technologist (Food Packaging)</strong> is part of the Research, Development &amp; Application (RD&amp;A) team. He/she will perform core, process-oriented tasks relating to materials creation/extension, provide technical expertise and advice, and work collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders.</div><div>The successful candidate will have strong technical knowledge, sensitive to cost and commercial markets, has superior organizational and time management skills, and is able to juggle multiple tasks while meeting schedule requirements.</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div><strong>Operational Excellence</strong><br>&#8226; A subject matter expert who is giving technical advice to RD&amp;A Scientists, Marketing and Operations team on selection of packaging materials<br>&#8226; Provide technical support on quality / operational issues related to packaging materials if required<br>&#8226; Conduct packaging material evaluation, coordinate plant trial runs and qualifying packaging material with stakeholders sign off.<br>&#8226; Work with supply chain to optimise usage of packaging material stock and to review for substitution in situation of stock shortage</div><div><strong>Packaging Materials Code Creation and Extension</strong><br>&#8226; Packaging Material (VERP) setup for NPI, code creation, extension, block approval in SAP MDG and related documents review in line with associated governing processes<br>&#8226; Initiate the documentation request to suppliers include following up with suppliers for packaging specifications, artworks, control cards, test results, etc, in partnership with Regulatory Affairs (RA) and Buyers<br>&#8226; Manage VERP integration process for the sites of new acquisition<br>&#8226; Manage packaging material change and coordinate between site operations, quality and supply chain on existing stock depletion and phasing in of new material<br>&#8226; Co-ordinate VERP functionality and shelf life details from supplier. Any need for shelf life extension require coordination with application test with RD&amp;A scientist involvement.<br>&#8226; Co-ordinate VERP samples in between external suppliers and Kerry RD&amp;A team.<br>&#8226; Custodian of packaging materials library and technical documents and accountable for technical aspects of packaging materials</div><div><strong>Profit Improvement Program (PIP)</strong><br>&#8226; Coordinate, review and approve the technical aspects of Profit Improvement Program&#8217;s relating to the packaging material category with Category Buyers, manage use of opportunistic packaging material purchase<br>&#8226; Proactively drive innovation and PIP ideas to build the pipeline towards execution and update the progress status in SFDC and to the relevant stakeholders</div><strong>Qualifications, Skills and Experience:</strong><br>&#8226; Minimum Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Science, Engineering or technical fields;<br><strong>&#8226; Minimum 2-3 years&#8217; experience in Food Packaging or related industry</strong><br>&#8226; Strong technical knowledge in food packaging materials (Rigid, Flexible, Paper Based, Labels, etc) with exposure to effects of packaging on food product&#8217;s quality and shelf life<br>&#8226; Good understanding on packaging development, label development, packaging manufacturing processes and control parameters.<br>&#8226; Adequate understanding on food packaging related regulations, testings and sustainability requirements<br>&#8226; Technical and business understanding of market trends &amp; requirements, and cost drivers to develop applicable solutions<br>&#8226; Have the ability to coordinate and drive projects forward while liaising/ interacting with multiple functions stakeholders in fast pace business environment<br>&#8226; Good communication and writing skills in English</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/category-technologist-food-packaging-4484365?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4484365&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 