---
title: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-14 
excerpt: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>As a Hardware Project Manager you will interface with all functions necessary to bring highly reliable, best in class, consumer products to market. The primary focus of this position is to plan, facilitate and integrate the development of products within the hardware engineering team or with manufacturing partners while coordinating with other functional teams to deliver an optimal user experience. You will be responsible for managing and communicating progress against the established cost, schedule and product experience goals to management and stakeholders. This position is more than tracking schedules and maintaining issue lists. You will be an integral part of the development team, helping the team to work through issues and solve problems. This will require taking a systems integration approach to product development, ensuring that all parts are thoroughly integrated, tested and proven to meet the product requirements.</p><p>To be successful you will be a high performer with a rare and specific skill set who will thrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment. Your ability to think critically, lead through intellect, deliver quickly, and to partner across a wide variety of functions at Cricut to drive change in a complex setting will be essential to the rollout of our offerings to the market.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><p>&#8226; Manage complex electro-mechanical product development projects</p><p>&#8226; Work as the technical and programmatic focal point and facilitator for development activities.</p><p>&#8226; Prepares and manages project budgets and schedules.</p><p>&#8226; Highlights issues well in advance and leads efforts to develop and implement alternative actions to overcome the issues and maintain the schedule.</p><p>&#8226; Prepares and maintains Issues/Action Item database.</p><p>&#8226; Leads the team in working through complex issues</p><p>&#8226; Maintains a system&#8217;s view of the project to identify and manage risks</p><p>&#8226; Ensure that management and stakeholders are notified of any potential schedule impacts</p><p>&#8226; Facilitate regular status meetings with both domestic and international teams.</p><p>&#8226; Ensure seamless communication with other functional areas (SW, Product Mgmt, etc.)</p><p>&#8226; Ensure that all projects are completed in a timely manner</p><p>&#8226; Coordinate testing activities with engineers and the quality department</p><p>&#8226; Ensure product performance meets engineering and product specifications through testing and inspection.</p><p>&#8226; Coordinate and manage supplier and contract manufacturing activities to deliver on project objectives. Includes regular travel to or within Asia as needed (at least 4x/yr, can include travel to China, Malaysia and other areas of Asia).</p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><p>&#8226; The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's degree in Engineering, Mechanical Engineering strongly preferred. They will have a working knowledge of software/firmware and some programming background. They will also be familiar with electronics with the ability to read and understand electrical schematics and wiring diagrams.</p><p>&#8226; 5+ years in project management related to product development</p><p>&#8226; Strong communication skills, team work and interpersonal skills</p><p>&#8226; Strong analytical and problem solving skills</p><p>&#8226; Ability to utilize various technologies and tools to effectively manage projects and provide clear and concise communications to teams and stakeholders</p><p>&#8226; Adept at Microsoft Project, MS Excel. Proficiency in Minitab highly desirable</p><p>&#8226; The ability to understand and apply statistical process control methods is highly desirable including Cpk&#8217;s, T-Tests, X-Bar/R charts, DOE&#8217;s, etc.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At Cricut&#174;, we believe that we&#8217;re all born makers. When we built our first cutting machine, we saw the potential for a simple yet powerful tool to completely transform the way people craft, design, and DIY. Since then, we continue to innovate with new machines, platforms, materials, and tools, but that&#8217;s just what we do. Who we are is a bustling worldwide community, a means for connection, and an outlet for unbridled creativity. Join us as we place the power of handmade into the hands of ALL.</p><p>Life</p><p>Love your work. And your coworkers.</p><p>Our company is made up of A+ human beings. We ask tough questions, entertain ideas outside of our own, and work together to make something bigger than ourselves. With Cricut&#174; growing in China, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Europe, South America, as well as Malaysia we&#8217;re on an unstoppable roll, satisfying that innate creative itch around the world. We train, develop, and celebrate great work with hallway high fives and promotions within. We also throw the world&#8217;s best Halloween party.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-manager-hardware-development-4590021?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4590021&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 