---
title: "Edgenta UEMS Sdn Bhd Vacancies Executive, HR Services (Recruitment and Welfare)-Northern/Southern/Central" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "Edgenta UEMS Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, HR Services (Recruitment and Welfare)-Northern/Southern/Central which based in Kedah, Perak, Penang, Perlis, Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kedah, Perak, Penang, Perlis, Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Edgenta UEMS Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, HR Services (Recruitment and Welfare)-Northern/Southern/Central</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><ol><li>To execute recruitment initiatives, handling disciplinary issue and issuance of consequence management, grievance procedure, payroll verification, uniform dissemination, Labour Court disputes and people engagement activities as and when planned by HQ.</li><li>Liaise with authorized Consultant/Agent on recruitment of foreign workers or engaging Manpower Vendors and to ensure compliance with the necessary rules and regulations with regards to Foreign worker hiring and management.</li><li>To submit weekly progress report at region pertaining to key HR matrix such as hiring success rate, disciplinary issues statistics, hostel management compliances, uniform &amp; shoes database, vaccination database and people engagement initiatives.</li><li>Contribute to the development of HR strategy, tactics and operationalise it that will support the operations and overall business objectives;</li><li>To be part of implementation team on any new HR initiatives that include process improvements, system implementation, HR topics training / briefing for site personnels, assist in validating and closing issues raised in PrihatinLine, Bengkel Prihatin and other people engagement matters.</li><li>Assist HQ Employee Admin to consolidate data from Region such as new hires data, transfers, payroll, uniforms, vaccination for data maintenance in HR systems.</li></ol><p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS:</strong></p><ol><li>Minimum qualification Diploma/Degree/Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management/Business Administration or equivalent with at least 2-3 years experience in Executive position.</li><li>Hands-on experience in all aspect of HR functions and competent in Employment Act and / or Industrial Relations Act</li><li>Knowledge and familiarity with Labour Laws and Immigration Acts pertaining to Foreign Worker is an added advantage.</li><li>Able to work with minimum supervision and independent.</li><li>Possess strong management capability and personality.</li><li>Must be familiar with MS Office especially Excel and PowerPoint.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skill both oral and written</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Edgenta UEMS Sdn Bhd (formerly known as UEMS Solutions Sdn Bhd) is an Integrated Facility Management Company, offering innovative healthcare support services and property &amp; facility solutions to exceed our customers&#8217; diverse needs.</p><p>Edgenta UEMS is a key subsidiary of UEM Edgenta Berhad (KLSE: EDGENTA), the leading Asset Management and Infrastructure Solutions company in the region. For more than 20 years, Edgenta UEMS has provided non-clinical healthcare support services to government and private hospitals, offering facility engineering maintenance, biomedical engineering maintenance, cleaning, portering, linen and laundry services, project management and specialised services such as external facade management to our clients.</p><p>Today, Edgenta UEMS has expanded its core services to include clinical waste management services and energy management, beyond the healthcare sector, servicing multiple industries including education, telecommunication, manufacturing, oil &amp; gas, and other commercial and industrial sectors.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kedah, Perak, Penang, Perlis, Johor, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-hr-services-recruitment-and-welfare-northern-southern-central-4503353?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4503353&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 