---
title: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd Vacancies Finance Senior Executive/Assistant Manager/Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Senior Executive/Assistant Manager/Manager which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Senior Executive/Assistant Manager/Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To assist on managing, implementing, reporting &amp; tax services and take-up the managerial responsibility for the full spectrum of Finance functions as follows:</p><ol><li>Support for overall management for the Finance Department</li><li>Providing financial and management information, reports, analyst and financial advice and support on timely manner to management for decision making</li><li>Ensure all financial matters are in accordance with the prevailing accounting standards, legal , tax , statutory requirement and regulation compliance</li><li>To assist on management planning, budgetary control system, financial forecasts and cash flow forecasts</li><li>To act as custodian of Company&#8217;s assets, ensure proper internal control, system and procedures are in place</li><li>To develop proper internal control system for the overall operation for the company</li><li>Liaise with auditors, tax agent, bankers and government bodies</li><li>Review and control capital expenditure</li><li>To maintaining proper set of accounting records &amp; preparation of management report and annual budgetary</li><li>To co-ordinate monthly stock take and review physical inventory count difference with material &amp; logistic department for corrective action</li><li>To support the overall activities performed by the accounts payable, accounts receivable, finance and general ledger section</li><li>To work on pricing and costing analysis</li><li>Analyzing the business financial position, financial performance, cash flow requirements and financial sustainability.</li><li>To prepare, improve and ensure proper implementation and compliance of financial processes, policies and procedures.</li><li>To ensure timely submission on management report</li><li>To reviewing the forex planning and hedging</li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor Degree in Finance/ Accounting/ ACCA or equivalent.</li><li>At least 6 years&#8217; experience accounting and finance.</li><li>Possess a good leadership as well as team player.</li><li>Meticulous, proactive and a commitment to perform well and grow with company.</li><li>High integrity, independent, mature and capable</li><li>Candidates with manufacturing experiences will have an added advantage.</li><li>Advanced in Microsoft Excel skills. Experience in ERP system is added advantage.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn. Bhd. is a new petrochemical company&#160;in Pasir Gudang (Tanjung Langsat Industrial Estate).&#160;We just started&#160;our commercial operation&#160;as the 1st manufacturer of Synthetic Rubber (butadiene rubber) in Malaysia.</p><p>The Company is a joint venture among the established multi-national corporations (i.e. Lotte Chemical Corporation of South Korea, Ube Industries Ltd. and Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan). The new plant in Pasir Gudang will have the capacity to produce 50,000 tons of Synthetic Rubber annually.</p><p>Synthetic Rubber is the best available substitute for natural rubber with very high demand from various downstream applications such as in tyres manufacturing industries, high impact polystyrene (HIPS), shoes, automotive and other related industries. Asia&#160;is the biggest market for Synthetic Rubber and its demand is expected continue growing in future.</p><p>Lotte Chemical Corporation with two butadiene plants in South Korea (Daesan and Yeosu) and Lotte Chemical Titan in Malaysia, is having an annual production capacity of 400,000 tonnes annually. Whilst Ube Industries Ltd maintain a global production of synthetic rubber &#160;via its existing plants in Japan, China and Thailand with overall annual capacity of 436,000 tonnes.</p><p>We are recruiting the best talent, ambitious, and dynamic individuals to be a part of our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-senior-executive-assistant-manager-manager-4602625?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4602625&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 