---
title: "Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Safety /Health/ Environmental Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-11 
excerpt: "Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Safety /Health/ Environmental Officer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Safety /Health/ Environmental Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Advise and implementation of new or existing EHS related legislation, rules and regulations company in standards that compliance to DOSH and DOE.</li><li>Health &amp; Safety &amp; Environmental training.</li><li>Fire prevention &amp; Site inspection</li><li>To complete prevention inspection on regular basis</li><li>Ensure records are maintained</li><li>To investigate accidents and ensure all documentations are updated</li><li>To develop a monthly HSE communication strategy for all level of staff</li><li>Full responsibility for preparation for HSE audits, and all other audits including ISO-45001&amp; ISO 14001</li><li>Liaison with operation for initiating and coordination training plan and updating of information for personnel and audit requirements</li><li>Advise management at all levels of health &amp; safety and environmental compliance matters</li><li>Ensure all advise is incorporated into day to day processes and operations</li><li>Incident investigation and reporting</li><li>Site Risk Assessments</li><li>Responsible for submission documentation</li><li>Ensure the Environmental Management System is effective, in line with the policies, procedures, applicable legislation and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Responsible for strategic planning and controls to ensure alignment with the objectives of the Environmental Management System/Processes.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Green Book Holder is a MUST</li><li>Green Book Holder registered as Safety Officer by DOSH Or with Academic&#160;Qualification and Eligibility to register as SHO with DOSH to obtain the Green Book Holder.</li><li>Obtain Competent Person by DOE is added advantage</li><li>Preferrably bilingual in English &amp; Mandarin</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Professional Certificate, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Others or equivalent.</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Others/Category not available or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We provide integrated manufacturing services ranging from design and product development prototyping, tool and die fabrication, production and mechanical sub-assembly services to cater to the different needs of our customers who are mainly in the computer and computer peripherals industries. We offer mechanical sub-assembly services by combining the metal parts produced by us with such other parts designated by our customers to form a semi-finished product. Our vertically integrated services have enabled us to be more responsive to the needs of our customers, ensuring a&#160;cost-effectiveness and just-in-time delivery services.</p><p>People are the cornerstone of our businesses. One of our most important and fundamental responsibilities lies in respecting and protecting the rights of all employees. Creating an environment where every employee can maintain both physical and mental health is essential to ensuring that they can maximise their potential.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/safety-health-environmental-officer-4480302?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4480302&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 