---
title: "White Eastern Sdn Bhd Vacancies SALES REPRESENTATIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-12 
excerpt: "White Eastern Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SALES REPRESENTATIVE which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>White Eastern Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SALES REPRESENTATIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>If you are energetic and self motivated with good interpersonal skills, looking to trade&#160;your efforts to gain higher income, we welcome you.&#160; graduates are encouraged to apply.&#160;Training and guidance will be provided.<br>Work Location: Taman Nusa Bestari, Nusajaya, Johor&#160;</div><div><strong>Job Description:</strong></div><ul><li>Manage and update e-commerce platforms (including but not limited to Shopee, Lazada, Webstore etc), including posting and engaging advertisement for products, ensuring high responsiveness to fulfill inquiries, orders, feedbacks, and follow up effectively with prospected customers.</li><li>Process daily sales orders for packing and arrange for delivery, availability of packaging materials and stocks.</li><li>Documenting customers, sales and stocks information (including but not limited to inquiries, POS system, stock replenishment).</li><li>Perform competitor analysis and capitalize on new trends/opportunities across e-commerce platforms, include developing content, updating product listing and keywords, generating leads.</li><li>Managing social media community and developing promotional campaigns/strategy to elevate product sales and brand presence. Also assist in measuring and reporting on the performance of all digital marketing campaigns.</li><li>Generate sales and various reports each month.</li><li>Ad hoc tasks&#160;as assigned by the management.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>Job Requirements:</strong><ul><li>Passionate&#160;in customer service, sales&#160;and marketing, committed to achieve KPI targets.</li><li>Competent&#160;in spoken&#160;and written&#160;English, and &#160;languages.</li><li>Knowledgeable in computer&#160;operation&#160;for a variety of tasks.</li><li>Being tech-savvy is an advantage e.g web design, photoshop, video editing.</li><li>Competent in Microsoft applications such as Excel, Word.</li><li>Able to work efficiently in a fast paced environment.</li><li>Mature, responsible, result-driven, willing to learn, hardworking,&#160;team player, organized, self-motivated, humble and well mannered.</li><li>Personal transportation.</li></ul><br><strong>Benefits:</strong><ul><li>Commission,&#160;performance&#160;incentive, annual bonus, EPF, SOCSO, Annual Leave, medical benefits.</li><li>Salary&#160;and employment details: Discuss upon interview.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications Experience:</strong></div><div>Minimum SPM&#160;qualification. Experience in sales and customer service is an advantage.&#160;Interested candidates&#160;to&#160;submit&#160;your&#160;CV and Cover Letter stating&#160;your expected salary, along with the reasons you leave&#160;past employments,&#160;as well as&#160;your last drawn salary.</div><div>Website: www.whiteeastern.com</div><div>Facebook: www.facebook.com/whiteeastern</div><div>Contact&#160;Person:&#160;Mr Wong</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>White Eastern Sdn Bhd is determined to be a diversified manufacturer and provider of defence, safety, and security products to consumer and business. Since our establishment in 2010, White Eastern has been a trusted company for personal defence pepper sprays and has made continuous commitment to provide consumers a total peace of mind for personal, home, and business protection. We strive to provide effective and reliable security solutions, protecting lives and properties while preventing and fight crimes. </p><p>White Eastern Sdn Bhd has since its establishment, been providing self-defence pepper spray to consumers for protection against attacks by people and animals, and has by far received praises and positive feedbacks from consumers. White Eastern directly markets, distributes, supports all products and services, and offer safety and security equipments through our official homepage www.whiteeastern.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-representative-4522815?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4522815&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 