---
title: "Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Supervisor - Mechanical Assembly" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-13 
excerpt: "Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supervisor - Mechanical Assembly which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Allied Precision Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supervisor - Mechanical Assembly</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Supervises and coordinates the work of employees who work on assembly-lines, oversee and direct the assembly department.</li><li>Manage mechanical assembly of final assemblies and sub-assemblies</li><li>Prepares work schedules, assigns work, and oversees the work product.</li><li>Perform quality work checks to ensure the assemble product meets quality standards</li><li>Rework and/or repair assembled equipment and products according to engineering specification changes&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Monitor processes to ensure that employees perform them correctly, and monitor the entire assembly process to prevent delays and provide instruction.</li><li>To ensure that individual assembly units work together and effectively communicate to prevent delays.</li><li>Develop training materials and manuals and periodically check back with new employees to make sure they understand processes and are performing their expected duties.</li><li>Support manufacturing and assembly activities, prepare daily activity reports as well as employee evaluations and reports on line issues.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bilingual in English/ Mandarin</li><li>Experience working in a&#160;Metal Stamping environment&#160;an advantage</li><li>Experience and thorough knowledge of high volume production systems and processes</li><li>Experience managing teams of people in a&#160;production environment</li><li>Able to work well under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlines</li><li>Strong organization skills with meticulous attention to detail</li><li>Diploma/ Degree or Advanced High School in Mechanical , Manufacturing or Mechatronics Engineering.</li><li>Minimum 2 - 5 years of working experience, with at least&#160;2 years in the&#160;supervisor position.</li><li>Self motivated and be able to work independently.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We provide integrated manufacturing services ranging from design and product development prototyping, tool and die fabrication, production and mechanical sub-assembly services to cater to the different needs of our customers who are mainly in the computer and computer peripherals industries. We offer mechanical sub-assembly services by combining the metal parts produced by us with such other parts designated by our customers to form a semi-finished product. Our vertically integrated services have enabled us to be more responsive to the needs of our customers, ensuring a&#160;cost-effectiveness and just-in-time delivery services.</p><p>People are the cornerstone of our businesses. One of our most important and fundamental responsibilities lies in respecting and protecting the rights of all employees. Creating an environment where every employee can maintain both physical and mental health is essential to ensuring that they can maximise their potential.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supervisor-mechanical-assembly-4462062?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4462062&sectionRank=24&token=0~7904941d-2c5c-4c60-822d-eda51b1e33a3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 