---
title: "NUTRI FOOD & PACKAGING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies QA Executive/Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "NUTRI FOOD & PACKAGING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA Executive/Engineer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NUTRI FOOD & PACKAGING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA Executive/Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Establish, implement and maintain company&#8217;s Management System and ensuring that it is complies with ISO 9001, FSSC 22000.</li><li>Coordinate activities of third party visits/audit ( ISO 9001,FSSC22000 ) and associated corrective action activities.</li><li>Ensure overall Food Safety Management System compliance with applicable regulatory and statutory requirements.</li><li>Supervise &amp; ensure the quality systems are adhered by production &amp; relevant sections.</li><li>To supervise all quality of Incoming, In-process &amp; Outgoing Inspection area.</li><li>To liaise &amp; coordinate with internal team on quality matters &amp; its improvement plans.</li><li>Identifying deficient products and working with technical team to find and fix the cause</li><li>Liaise with internal team on quality issue and coordinate internal corrective and preventive action, wherever required</li><li>To liaise with 3rd party on matters related to the FSMS.</li><li>To lead &amp; motivate all QA/QC staffs and monitor the work quality of them and ensure their performances.</li><li>Ensure effective closure, by working with auditee to ensure comprehension, development and execution of corrective/preventive action with regards to any non-conformity cited during audits.</li><li>Identify areas of opportunity and support continual improvement of Food Safety Management System and develop and conduct effective training programs on related QA topics</li><li>Manage internal audits, complaint handling (investigation/resolution), Document Control and ensure effective implementation of new/revised divisional and plant quality system and procedures.</li><li>Play a role as Food Safety Team Leader to manage a food safety team and organize its work</li><li>To ensure relevant training and education of the food safety team members.</li><li>To report to the Operation Manager on the effectiveness and suitability of the food safety management system.</li><li>Maintain safe work environment by following standards and procedures and complying with legal regulations</li><li>To carry out any other work as required &amp; authorized by Management.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Chemistry, Food Science and Technology, Manufacturing engineering or related field</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in a leadership position</li><li>Computer literature &amp; able to analysis data.</li><li>Strong communication skills, including the ability to explain and teach methodologies.</li><li>Experienced in handling quality issue on Customer Complaint.</li><li>Analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills</li><li>Bilingual in English and Malay, Mandarin Speaking is advantages.</li><li>Required experience in ISO 9001 &amp; FSSC 22000, possible as Lead Auditor or Internal Auditor.</li><li>Able to work independently with minimum supervision.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A well established and leading packaging group with operations in South East Asia, in response to the continued growth of business is seeking dynamic and experienced candidates who are highly motivated, committed and capable of meeting the demands of challenging business environment to join our Malaysia plant.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-executive-engineer-4570618?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4570618&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 