---
title: "Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR Admin Executive (5 Days Work+High Salary!)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Admin Executive (5 Days Work+High Salary!) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tsang Lin industries (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Admin Executive (5 Days Work+High Salary!)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Continually educate employees on company policies (including sexual harassment, appropriate dress, and social media permissions, etc.) and keep employee handbook current.</strong></li><li>Monitor employee progress and stay abreast on company climate and culture, ensuring it stays positive and productive.</li><li>Regularly meet with employees for progress reviews and assessments, discussing any problems or grievances they may have.</li><li><strong>Promote a positive and open work environment where employees feel comfortable speaking up about issues.</strong></li><li><strong>Processes company's payroll every pay period.</strong></li><li><strong>Maintains payroll processing system and records by gathering, calculating, and inputting data.</strong></li><li><strong>Computes employee take-home pay based on time records, benefits, and taxes.</strong></li><li><strong>Answers staff questions about wages, deductions, attendance, and time records.</strong></li><li><strong>Receives and coordinates requests for leave and other absences.</strong></li><li>Prepare files, reports, correspondence. <strong>Responsible in renewing all the company relevant licenses (etc.JKKP,&#160;KPDNKK and others), work permit of foreign workers and&#160;company&#160;certificates.</strong></li><li><strong>Must possess own transportation as outstation is required.</strong></li><li><strong>To undertake other special assignments, ad-hoc function and related duties</strong>.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, any field.</li><li>Required language(s): English.</li><li>At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must posses own transport and willing to work in Senai.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Clerical/Administrative Support or equivalent.&#160;</li><li><strong>The candidate must possess own transportation &amp; willing to outstation if required to respond to government requests.</strong></li><li><strong>The candidate must be willing to work in Senai.</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. </strong>was established in 1993 located in Taichung Industrial Park. Initially, it manufactures desiccant, air freshener, dust mop, clock frames, and other household goods. In 1997, it expands its business scope to food manufacturing and it sets up jelly, biscuits, chicken soup, other snack foods, and health food production lines. In 2013, our company expanded to Malaysia. In addition, it passed ISO 9000, ISO 22000, HACCP, and etc. international quality certification.</div>
<div>Since its establishment in 1985, it keeps holding the principle of "sustainable development, quality first" business philosophy. From firmed food expertise and stringent process capability to the scientific point of view, professional, systematic manner, continuous research, development and innovation, complete equipment, and strict quality control to provide customers with the most valuable products and grasp the unique market position. Professional service and high quality products are unanimously recommended and affirmed by the domestic and foreign companies.<br>
<br>
TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. checks each product under its productions with serious attitude. From product development process to product release, it often has to invest more than tens of millions in research and development; under the active efforts, TSANG LIN INDUSTRIES CORP. has also been awarded the ISO 9001 international quality certification to meet and assure the customers who sells our products with confidence.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-admin-executive-5-days-work-high-salary!-4545298?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545298&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 