---
title: "Cummins Asia Pacific Pte Ltd Vacancies Technical Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-17 
excerpt: "Cummins Asia Pacific Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Technical Specialist which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cummins Asia Pacific Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Technical Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Technical Specialist (Based in Johor)</strong><br><br>Our culture believes in<strong> POWERING YOUR POTENTIAL</strong>. We provide global opportunities to develop your career, make your community a better place and work with today&#8217;s most innovative thinkers to solve the world&#8217;s toughest problems.<br>We believe in flexibility for you to explore your passions while making an impact&#160; through meaningful work within our inclusive workforce. That&#8217;s what <strong>#LifeAtCummins</strong> is all about&#160;</div><div>To help us drive this vision, we are currently seeking a <strong>Technician</strong> for our workshop in <strong>Johor Bahru.</strong><br><br>Reporting to the Service Supervisor, this role provides support for all Cummins products, primarily in Automotive, Industrial and Power Generation and Marine applications, in a combination of workshop and field work. You will respond to engine breakdowns and provide technical analysis of failure, warranty support and troubleshooting engineering issues. Previous experience in a similar Service role, and knowledge of High-Speed Diesel engines, is essential.</div><div>This position offers a long-term career with a global organisation in the power industry, and could be the next step in your successful Service career.<br><br><strong>In this role, you will make an impact in the following ways:</strong></div><ul><li>Ensure company and customer&#8217;s requirements are met.</li><li>Maintain health, safety, quality and other company policies and procedures</li><li>Maintain workshop lay out and cleanliness &amp; ensure security of location, equipment&#8217;s, &amp; customer properties.</li><li>Test and evaluate processes to ensure compliance&#160;</li><li>Warranty decision-making compliance to Cummins standard</li><li>Daily timesheet submission.</li><li>Ensure all service report is acknowledged by customer and submission on time to Service Supervisor.</li><li>Components and engine inspection checks&#160;</li><li>Perform trouble shooting of engine condition.</li><li>Dyno/Load testing of engine.</li><li>Perform engine start-up /commissioning and sea-trial report submission.</li><li>Comply with the safety rules and regulation.</li><li>Carry out basic housekeeping.</li><li>Customer service and co-ordination work related.</li><li>Perform any other related duties as assigned by immediate supervisor.</li></ul><div><br><strong>To be successful in this role you will need the following:</strong></div><ul><li>Certificate / Diploma in Mechanical, Electrical or Electronic equivalent</li><li>Skilled in handling troubleshooting and repair works on diesel engines</li><li>Knowledge to understand wiring diagrams, in order to carry out troubleshooting</li><li>Prior experience with technical service diagnostic software and tools</li><li>Knowledge of PC &amp; Microsoft Office application (MS Word &amp; Excel)</li><li>Possess driving license.</li><li>Customer oriented, enthusiastic with strong interpersonal skills</li><li>Good written &amp; communication skills</li></ul></div><div><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong><br>Salary rate commensurate with experience. Annual leave starts at 16 days up to 21 days. AWS / 13-month bonus. Flexi Benefit (S$1550). Variable Compensation (bonus). Annual Salary Review. PC software/hardware. Safety Equipment / PPE. Life Insurance. Medical/Hospitalization Insurance</div><div>At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, colour, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Cummins Inc., a global technology leader, is a corporation of complementary business segments that designs, manufactures, distributes and services a broad portfolio of power solutions. The company&#8217;s products range from diesel and natural gas engines to hybrid and electric platforms, as well as related technologies, including transmissions, battery systems, fuel systems, controls, air handling, filtration, emission solutions, and power generation systems.</div>
<div>
	Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana (U.S.), since its founding in 1919, Cummins employs approximately 62,600 people in approximately 190 countries and territories.</div>
<div>
	See how Cummins is powering a world that&#8217;s Always On by accessing news releases and more information at https://www.cummins.com/always-on.</div>
<div>
	Follow Cummins on Twitter at www.twitter.com/cummins and on YouTube at www.youtube.com/cumminsinc.&#8239;&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/technical-specialist-8353473/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8353473&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 