---
title: "L & Co PLT Vacancies Account Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "L & Co PLT is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account Executive which based in Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru, Bayan Lepas" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru, Bayan Lepas] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>L & Co PLT is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Work Location:</strong></p><p>(1) Johor HQ: 18A, 20 &amp; 20A, Jalan Sasa 2, Taman Gaya, 81800 Ulu Tiram, Johor</p><p>(2) Johor Branch: 47, Jalan Jati 2, Taman Nusa Bestari Jaya, 81300 Skudai, Johor</p><p>(3) KL Branch: 15-2, Dinasti Sentral, Jalan Kuchai Maju 18, Off Jalan Kuchai Lama, 58200 Wilayah Persekutuan, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur</p><p>(4) Penang Branch: No. 90, 1st Floor, Lintang Mayang Pasir 2,&#160;11950 Bayan Baru, Penang.&#160;</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>To perform accounting for assigned clients on monthly, quarterly and yearly basic</li><li>To prepare tax computation and perform submission for personal tax clients.</li><li>To perform SST submission for assigned clients</li><li>Other task assigned by management</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Professional Certificate, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Mandarin, English, Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Microsoft Office</li><li>Candidates fluent in mandarin preferred as role requires candidate to deal with mandarin speaking clients.</li><li>Experienced candidates must currently working in accounting firm</li></ul><p><strong>Employee Welfare:</strong></p><p><strong>New Join Employee</strong></p><ul><li>Weekly badminton activities&#160;</li><li>3 days study leave per exam taken</li></ul><p><strong>Work more than 3 months</strong></p><ul><li>Meal Allowance RM100/Month (Cash)</li><li>Monthly Parking Coupon Allowance</li></ul><p><strong>Work more than 6 months</strong></p><ul><li>Company Trip travel allowance RM500/ Year (Claimable only when join company trip)</li><li>Extra Meal Allowance RM100/ Month (Cash), total RM200/ Month</li></ul><p><strong>Working more than 1 year</strong></p><ul><li>Petrol Allowance RM200/ Month(Cash)</li><li>Relax Allowance RM100/ Month(Cash)</li><li>Company Trip travel allowance RM1000/ Year (Claimable only when join the company trip)</li><li>Full subsidy for the fee of 20CPD point (For ACCA, MIA, and CTIM member only )</li><li>Allowance for exam fee of professional examinations(Claimable only when pass the exam)</li><li>Allowance for subscription fee of professional body (Claimable even haven&#8217;t finish the exam) Eg:CPA, ACCA, MIA etc</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>L &amp; Co. &#8211; A member firm of Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA), Approved Company Auditor, Income Tax Agent and GST Agent &#8211; was establish to assist Malaysia Small and Medium Enterprises on their company financial statement statutory audit, taxation and GST (Goods and Services Tax) affairs. Our office is located at Johor, Penang and Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>There are around 2000 registered professional (audit or non-audit) firm in Malaysia now and 200 of these firm located at Johor area. We are one of the registered audit firm that have received the approved company auditors' license from the Ministry of Finance Malaysia (MOF) under Section 8 of Companies Act 1965. This allow company registered in Malaysia appoint us as their company external auditor to audit and express our opinion for their company financial statement.</p><p>We are also approved Tax Agent registered with Inland Revenue Board (IRB) under Section 153(3) of Income Tax Act 1967. As a professional tax consultant, we advise and assist our client in their company or individual income tax compliance and submIssion according to Income Tax Act 1967, IRB's public ruling, Tax audit &amp; investigation framworks, Tax technical guideline and etc. We also advice client on income tax incentives which are available and best suited for them.</p><p>Our clientele portfolios include local business corporations (e.g. manufacturing, constructions, plantations, global trader, etc), professional services providers (e.g. doctor, lawyer, etc), not-for-profit organizations and multinationals. We play an important role in assisting them by providing consistent standard of services based on high order professional capabilities and local knowledge.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru, Bayan Lepas. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-executive-4577085?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4577085&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 