---
title: "Ninjaz Retails Sdn Bhd Vacancies RETAIL OUTLET SUPERVISOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Ninjaz Retails Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the RETAIL OUTLET SUPERVISOR which based in Johor Bahru, Seremban, Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Seremban, Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ninjaz Retails Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>RETAIL OUTLET SUPERVISOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>&#160;<strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong>&#160;<strong>Assist Operation Marketing in supervision of Store</strong><ul><li>Be aware of the daily/weekly sales target and ensure that it is being met</li><li>Monitor the achievement of team&#8217;s store targets</li><li>Follow up on store KPIs and align sales activities accordingly</li><li>Work together with Operation Marketing on data reporting and anomalies or ideas for improvement</li></ul><strong>Ensure exceptional customer care with the team</strong><ul><li>Ensure team members provide exceptional customer service</li><li>Monitor team&#8217;s individual performance and identify needs, coach and support the teams where needed</li><li>Resolve difficult client issues</li><li>Drive the team in the growth of local clients</li><li>Monitor the collections and conversion of prospect clients</li><li>Coach after every client interaction, reach out to the team member to talk through the successes and opportunities and follow up on the next point of contact</li><li>Ensure qualitative monitoring and updating of client information to retain actual clients and detect potential clients</li></ul><strong>Provide support in merchandise inventory provide support in visual display of merchandise lead/Provide support in store projects/back office procedures be vigilant about store security and loss prevention</strong>&#160;<strong>REQUIREMENT:</strong><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma&#160;in any field.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Sales - Retail/General or equivalent.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#8203;&#8203;</p><p>NINJAZ is a high-quality franchise Mobile Accesories Brand, and aims to provide worldwide consumers with simple, pleasant daily necessities of good designs at affordable prices. We abide by this philosophy at all business stages of design, manufacture, logistics and sales. As a pioneer store that embraces casual and fashionable lifestyle, becomes a main store at department stores and shopping centers, together with other stores in catering business, fast fashion clothing and entertainment. While practicing its &#8220;fast fashion&#8221; consumerism,&#160;strives to create a novel shopping atmosphere, where consumers can experience a happy, fashionable and healthy lifestyle. With its new arrivals per week, lower prices, as well as its brand core advantage of positioning as a fast-fashion chain store, has made a hit among consumers.</p><p>By now, 48 outlet has been open.</p><p>In order to grow our business rapidly, we recognize that we need to bring in the right caliber of people and to develop their skilss and compentency. Due to business expansiaon of our Malaysia office, we are looking for enthusiastic, energy-driven and experienced profesionals to join our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru, Seremban, Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/retail-outlet-supervisor-4551866?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4551866&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 