---
title: "GRV (M) SDN BHD Vacancies Factory Manager (Required Civil background)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "GRV (M) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Factory Manager (Required Civil background) which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GRV (M) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Factory Manager (Required Civil background)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are hiring highly experienced Factory Manager who will be responsible in </span>monitoring the performance of workforce, and ensuring that all <strong>production</strong> orders are achieve in a prompt manner.</p><p><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong></p><ul><li><span>You will be remunerated with Good Basic Salary based on experience.</span></li><li><span>Fair work life balance.</span></li><li><span>Allowances &amp; incentives</span></li><li><span>Working with stable &amp; well-established company.</span></li><li><span>Strategic location &#8211;safe environment</span></li><li><span>Performance Bonus</span></li><li><span>Fun &amp; cozy workplace &amp; colleagues.</span></li><li><span>Career Advancement Opportunities</span></li></ul><p><strong>What will your role be?</strong></p><ul><li>Proficient in <strong>Project Management</strong> (Design / Develop / Analyze / Evaluate)</li><li>Understand project logistics, project schedule and manage logistical activities of the Company</li><li>Strong understanding of <strong>job costs, project scheduling and documentation.</strong></li><li>Track performance against budget and KPIs.</li><li>Assist in costing with Marketing Dept and drive cost control.</li><li><strong>Drives continuous safety, environmental and quality improvements </strong>and culture based on current Best Practices and lean manufacturing methods.</li></ul><p><strong>What do you need to have to be successful in this role?</strong></p><ul><li>Possess a recognized Diploma or Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Engineering (Civil/ Electrical/ Electronic/ Mechatronic/ Mechanical) or associates' degree in Business, Manufacturing, Engineering Technology, Production or related field</li><li>Certification in Production and Inventory Management as well as Quality Control.</li></ul><p><strong>Knowledge / Skill / Ability</strong></p><ul><li>Thorough knowledge of <strong>lean manufacturing</strong></li><li>Skilled in computer and supporting software packages.</li><li>Ability to work on <strong>multiple projects simultaneously.</strong></li><li>Knowledge in <strong>precast safety and quality operational.&#160;</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>GRV (M) SDN BHD,</strong> specialising in precast concrete manufacturing is a subsidiary company of Singapore's construction company Tiong Seng Holdings.</p><p><strong>GRV (M) SDN BHD</strong> is a reliable and efficient business partner that aligns with our company's core values in the specialized area of manufacturing and supplying of precast concrete components.</p><p><strong>Our Vision</strong></p><p>To be the preferred precast tunnel segment and civil engineering products supplier in the international market.</p><p><strong>Our Missions</strong></p><p>High Quality</p><ul><li>Supplying quality products to meet international customer requirements and expectations</li></ul><p>Cost Effective</p><ul><li>Supplying cost effective products to meet the international market needs</li></ul><p>Low Rejection</p><ul><li>Producing quality product with minimum rejection rate</li></ul><p>Continual Improvement</p><ul><li>Continual improvement on management system to ensure effective operation process</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/factory-manager-required-civil-background-4603897?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4603897&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 