---
title: "Legoland Malaysia Resort Vacancies Senior Accounts Executive – AR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "Legoland Malaysia Resort is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Accounts Executive – AR which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Legoland Malaysia Resort is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Accounts Executive – AR</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Position Summary:</strong></div><div>Ensure that all accounting transactions covering various activities of Legoland Malaysia are fully, accurately and properly recorded in accordance with Merlin policies, local regulations and general accounting guidelines. Establish and implement a system of revenue and inventory control in all area of operations. Manage the functioning of the Galaxy, Clarity, Navision and ERS system. Ensure all revenue and balance sheet accounts are balanced, controlled, complete and accurately reported each day.</div><div><strong>Scope and Responsibilities:</strong><ul><li>Preparation of daily flash reports on revenue for each department. Ensure the accuracy of the daily flash reports submitted to all relevant departments.</li><li>Provide effective and efficient support on the Revenue accounting functions. Perform daily revenue checking and posting of all revenue journals for the month end account closing. Assist in the maintenance and reconciliation of deferred revenue accounts including sponsorship &amp; contracts on a monthly basis.</li><li>Maintain Accounts Receivable ledger, customer files and records. Responsible for preparing, verifying and sending out invoices including chargeback to intercompany. Manage and reconcile inter-company transactions. Resolve account discrepancies by investigating documentation payments or adjustments.</li><li>Assist in monitoring the Accounts Receivable aging and ensure that collections are received on a timely basis and no long outstanding balances in the aging.</li><li>Assist in monthly stock reconciliations (Retails stocks and F&amp;B stocks); ensuring accurate stock balances in General Ledger and annual activities for statutory accounting and audit.</li><li>Assist in reviewing slow moving items and items nearing expiry dates, and inform concerned user departments for future action.</li><li>Ensure inventory check for the retail &amp; F&amp;B outlets are carried out periodically by designated personnel as per guidelines.</li><li>Ensure bank reconciliations are done on a monthly basis for all bank accounts and all reconciling items are properly supported.</li><li>Assist to ensure that tax reconciliations/validations are done on a monthly basis to ensure accurate tax payments and tax return filings.</li><li>Prepare balance sheet reconciliations and ensure that balance sheet accounts are properly reconciled with appropriate supporting documentation.</li><li>Ensure that sub-ledgers or systems (A/P, A/R, GL, Inventory) are in balance with General Ledger.</li><li>Ensure month end activities are performed on a timely basis in order to meet all month end closing deadlines (i.e Month End Closing, Reporting / Standard Allocation, Balance Sheet and Capital Management /Accruals and Pre-paid).</li><li>Accommodate any internal, external, or statutory audit requests as directed by Financial Controller.</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>Background and Experience:</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Accountancy.</li><li>At least 3 years relevant finance experience.</li><li>Possess strong technical accounting skills with exposure to IFRS.</li><li>High level of competency with Excel.&#160;</li><li>Strong planning and organizational skills, analytical thinking, problem solving and attention to detail required.&#160;</li><li>Self-starter who can work independently and use own initiative.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The LEGOLAND&#174; Malaysia Resort brings together a LEGOLAND Park, Water Park and Hotel in one LEGO&#174; themed location. It is a family holiday destination with more than 70 hands-on rides, slides, shows and attractions. It has seven themed areas of attractions for all ages such as The Beginning, LEGO&#174; Technic, LEGO Kingdoms, Imagination, LEGO City, Land of Adventure and MINILAND. It&#8217;s an inspirational land where the children are the heroes. From LEGO experiment centres to rollercoasters, the park is a day-long voyage of discovery for all the family.<br>
<br>
	LEGOLAND Water Park which can be enjoyed seperately or in combination with the theme park has more than 20 slides and water based attractions and boasts 70 LEGO models. The LEGOLAND Malaysia Resort is designed for families with children aged 2-12.</div>
<div>
	LEGOLAND&#174; Hotel Malaysia has 249 themed guest rooms, you and your family can choose from one of three popular LEGO lines &#8211; Pirate, Kingdom or Adventure themed. All rooms include two separate sleeping areas, with a king-size bed for grown-ups, and a separate area for up to three little ones, complete with a bunk bed, pull-out trundle bed and their very own TV!</div>
<div>
	Treat your family to the ultimate LEGO&#174; experience at LEGOLAND&#174; Malaysia Resort. From the moment you arrive at the spectacular dragon-guarded entrance, you'll be delighted by interactive LEGO&#174; features, themed play areas, kid's entertainment and family restaurant with amazing LEGO&#174; models everywhere. It is the first of its kind in Asia and will offer adventure, education and fun for action-packed day trips or short break destination.<br>
	&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-accounts-executive-ar-4544953?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4544953&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 