---
title: "Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd Vacancies Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li><span>Handle day to day operation in the Finance Department</span></li><li><span>Must be able to handle full set of accounts.</span></li><li><span>To perform data entries in Microsoft Dynamics NAV accounting System</span></li><li><span>Assist in preparation of month end closing and year-end closing.</span></li><li><span>Maintaining General Ledger and preparing journal entries</span></li><li><span>To prepare monthly balance sheet reconciliations and supporting schedules according to monthly reporting deliverables and correcting discrepancies/variances.</span></li><li><span>Update and maintain of Bank Reconciliation statements</span></li><li><span>Inter-Company transactions &amp; Reconciliation</span></li><li><span>Manage accounts receivable and accounts payable.</span></li><li><span>Prepare Payment Vouchers, Cheques and keep track of creditor payments.</span></li><li><span>Processing of staff claims, petty cash claims including matching and verifying the accuracy and completeness of supporting documents</span></li><li><span>Manage the Fixed Asset Register and Fixed Asset physical control &amp; recoding and asset tagging procedures</span></li><li><span>Assist in overall filing of account related documents and administrative documents</span></li><li><span>General administration tasks as and when required</span></li><li><span>Any other tasks that being assigned by superior or Management from time to time</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At least Diploma in Accountancy or a Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or equivalent.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At least 3 years working experience in the related field is required for this position</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Knowledge in Microsoft Dynamics Accounting System is a must</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Knowledge in MS Office/MS Word.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Full set accounts experience is a must.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Required skill(s): able to work independently, proactive, initiate improvement, able to multitask</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to speak mandarin will be great advantage</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Raffles University was established by Raffles Iskandar Sdn. Bhd., a joint venture between Raffles Education Corporation Limited and Education@Iskandar Sdn Bhd (EISB), a member of the Iskandar Investment Group. Raffles University is an Asian-based Malaysian university that prides itself as a practice-oriented university with intensive curricula and practical hands-on experiences that prepares students for their future careers. The University was formally approved by Malaysia&#8217;s Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) on 31st October 2011.</div>
<div>Currently operating from its temporary premises at Menara Kotaraya, Jalan Trus, Johor Bahru, Raffles University Iskandar will develop a state-of-the-art campus on a 65-acre plot of land in Iskandar Malaysia&#8217;s EduCity. Raffles University&#8217;s strategic location in Iskandar sets the university in a secure and growing state economy with high potential in both economic and cultural developments. Students can expect a vibrant and dynamic nurturing learning experience that will see their transformation into world-class professionals.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-executive-4576968?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4576968&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 