---
title: "HID Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Process Development & Automation Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-16 
excerpt: "HID Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Development & Automation Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HID Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Development & Automation Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Summary</strong><br>The Process Development &amp; Automation Manager will be responsible for the Development, Improvement and Maintenance of our automated high precision processes and equipment. He/ she will be responsible to build and sustain highly skilled and competent teams looking after new process, equipment &amp; tool development and the continuous improvement of these. Additionally he/ she will be responsible for the maintenance team which performs set-ups and preventive maintenance. He/ she will maximize the OEE through analysis, problem solving and innovation both technically and strategically. He/ she will strategize and realize improvement plans through strong liaison between stakeholders.</div><div><strong>Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.</strong></div><ul><li>Functional and day to day leadership of the Process Development &amp; Automation team and work in close collaboration with Swiss Machine development team.</li><li>Functional leadership of the Maintenance team maintaining the highest technical standards in coaching, training and problem-solving.</li><li>Strategize site objectives to an active working plan to realize OEE, cost and delivery targets.</li><li>Realize process layouts from functional requirements to fully qualified process following lean-six sigma methodology.</li><li>Improve existing process &amp; equipment to achieve maximum results w.r.t. OEE.</li><li>Support in preparation of annual budget for new equipment and tooling CAPEX</li><li>Prepare the annual maintenance budget and capital expenditure proposals as well as ensuring compliance with legal standards. Manage the budget from identification to completion of projects.</li><li>Work as part of the Management team to share ideas and improve operations by recommending supporting and implementing continuous improvement activities focusing on OEE improvements.</li><li>Standardize improvements via SOP creation.</li><li>Prepare and share Maintenance requirements (e.g. SMED, MTTR, MTBF) for new process and equipment development projects.</li><li>Initiate, manage development and improvement projects.</li><li>Take part in gate reviews of equipment and process change and development processes and drive the execution</li><li>Maintain all machinery or equipment to ensure it&#8217;s at working standards and it proven capability.</li><li>Develop a Planned Preventive Maintenance (PPM) schedule, ensure full preventative maintenance is carried out, plan in missed maintenance activities, and lead the team to deliver effectively.</li><li>Ensure that the function operates in accordance with any health, safety and environmental policies and procedures.</li><li>To maintain Maintenance procedures and ensure comply to ISO standard .</li><li>Provide technical expertise to the team and other support function.</li><li>Determine and deploy training needs.</li><li>To ensure machine spare parts and process equipment availability.</li><li>Develop, implement and manage key performance indicators (KPIs) for each area of development &amp; maintenance responsibility (downtime, set-up time, break &amp; fix etc).</li><li>Support PFMEA during development and change projects.</li><li>Any other task that assigned by the direct supervisor.</li><li>Maintain proper working system of designs, drawings, design changes, revision control and synchronize with Swiss team.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong><br>To perform this job successfully, an individual must have experience and full working knowledge of design methodology, project management, lean manufacturing and maintenance. He/ she will be pro-active, innovative an analytical. He/ she will be advanced in precision mechanics and have a strong affinity with automation an electronics.</div><div><strong>Education and/or Experience&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Bachelor Degree in Engineering (Mechanical or Mechatronics)</li><li>Practitioner on continuous improvement technique e.g, sig sigma, kaizen, poka yoke, SMED, Lean.</li><li>&gt; 5 years of management experience in the engineering and/ or maintenance of high tech equipment.</li><li>Proven project management experience.</li><li>Good knowledge in Mechanics, Automation, GD&amp;T and 3D design</li><li>GD&amp;T, Materials science, DFM, FMEA, Lean, Six Sigma are strongly preferred</li></ul><strong>Language Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<ul><li>Ability to effectively communicate in the English language verbally and in writing.</li><li>Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc.</li><li>Must have the ability to perform additions, subtractions, etc.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul>&#160;<br><strong>Computer Skills&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong><ul><li>Proficient in MS Office applications, such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.</li><li>Familiar with operating systems, such as Windows, etc.</li></ul><div><strong>Other Skills&#160;&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Ability to adapt to new technology, new processes, and new approaches in an environment of continuous improvement</li><li>Excellent leadership and management skills</li><li>Ability to manage a variety of cross-functional team members&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Ability to collaborate with oversea colleagues &amp; peers of various cultures</li><li>Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills</li><li>Expert in problem solving, team building, planning and decision making</li><li>An ability to work well under pressure</li><li>Relevant technical knowledge</li></ul><div><strong>Work Environment</strong><br>The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.</div><ul><li>Employee works primarily in a manufacturing environment, with in a well ventilated area, and is exposed to moderate noise levels.</li></ul><div><strong>Work Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Compliance to all relevant HID Global policies and procedures related to Quality, Security, Safety, Business Continuity, and Environmental systems.</li><li>Travel and fieldwork including international travel, therefore employee must possess or can acquire a valid passport.</li><li>Must be physically fit.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	HID Global takes innovative approaches to help organizations and governments become more secure and productive by protecting the people, data and things most important to them. We offer integrated solutions for creating, managing and using trusted identities, differentiated by a convenient and remarkable user experience.<br>
	The company&#8217;s served markets include physical and logical access control, including strong authentication and credential management; card printing and personalization; visitor management systems; highly secure government and citizen ID; and identification RFID technologies used in animal ID and industry and logistics applications. The company&#8217;s primary brands include ActivID&#174;, EasyLobby&#174;, FARGO&#174;, IdenTrust&#174;, LaserCard&#174;, Lumidigm&#174;, and HID&#174;. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, HID Global has over 2,200 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. HID Global&#174; is an ASSA ABLOY Group brand. For more information, visit www.hidglobal.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-development-automation-manager-4478024?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4478024&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 