---
title: "Knauf Insulation Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Continuous Improvement Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Knauf Insulation Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Continuous Improvement Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Knauf Insulation Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Continuous Improvement Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>General Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree in Engineering Industrial or equivalent.</li><li>Required Skill(s): LEAN, Six Sigma Tools / 8D, Kaizen - Continuous Improvement, Solving Problems Skill</li><li>Clear and demonstrable record of personal development in the workplace.</li><li>Substantial experience (4 years minimum) of continuous process plant operation, with a tangible reference to process improvement made during that period.</li><li>Supervisory management experience or clear demonstration of supervisory potential.</li><li>Leadership and communication style which is motivating and engaging to individuals and teams.</li><li>Experience of engaging process personnel in process improvement &#8211; Workshops, Improvement Groups etc.</li><li>Evidence of a substantial toolbox of improvement skills, preferably aligned to Six Sigma techniques.</li><li>A demonstrable passion for Continuous Improvement.</li></ul><p><strong>Role:</strong></p><p>Provide Improvement leadership and resource on site, working with the Management Team and Process Leaders, together with the Manufacturing and Engineering Teams, in order to achieve focussed improvements in specified process areas, ensuring a sustainable, measurable outcome which is Vision influencing.&#160;In addition to facilitating improvement activity with the teams, all interventions will provide legacy education ensuring the team skills are enhanced in terms of improvement skills as well as process skills.</p><p><strong>Main Accountabilities:</strong></p><p><strong>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Improvement Leadership</strong></p><p>Provide and share expert (Continuous) Improvement knowledge and technical skills so that the Management Team can identify, business objective linked, improvement opportunities, and from these opportunities define projects to achieve clear goals.&#160;</p><p><strong>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Facilitate Improvement Processes</strong></p><p>Support business projects through leadership and facilitation, to allow Process Leaders and Shift Leaders to become self-sufficient in terms of leading improvement initiatives.</p><p><strong>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Workshop Interventions</strong></p><p>Provide the business with the skills to complete Kaizen Events, planning and facilitating events as necessary to support improvement initiatives.</p><p><strong>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Improvement Innovation</strong></p><p>Ensure that the site has access to all sources of best practice, internal and external to the Knauf business, so that we gain and sustain a competitive advantage.</p><p><strong>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Six Sigma Support</strong></p><p>Provide support to personnel in completing Six Sigma Training and provide assistance and understanding in the application of tools and techniques</p><p><strong>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CI Process Delivery</strong></p><p>Work with the Continuous Improvement Manager, KINE GMW to ensure our CI process remains rigorous and capable of sustaining Continuous Improvement in the future.</p><p><strong>Role Challenges:</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>Ensuring the use of improvement techniques in the correct manner, and building an embedded culture of such use, whilst ensuring demanding business objectives are not compromised.</li><li>Engaging colleagues with considerable process experience and expertise, and channelling that knowledge in seeking improvement, whilst establishing and growing a data driven improvement process.</li><li>Use tools and techniques to achieve results whilst at the same time ensuring colleagues involved in the improvement process gain confidence to use the tools themselves.</li><li>Use the dramatic effect of facilitated Improvement Workshops whilst ensuring the business recognises the true nature of continuous improvement in their day-to-day activities.</li><li>Working with all aspects of process management to maintain a positive relationship with KI Group resources, ensuring a positive impact from &#8220;best practice&#8221; initiatives.&#160;Achievement of this may involve influencing on-site and/or centrally based personnel.</li></ul><p>All the foregoing responsibilities and duties are to be carried out embracing the Knauf values; Menschlichkeit, Partnership, Commitment and Entrepreneurship.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>Smart insulation solutions and services for a better world</strong></div>
<div>
<div><strong>challenge.create.care.</strong></div>
</div>
</div>
<div>Knauf Insulation is a global leader in the building materials category, manufacturing a range of reputable, high quality products providing energy efficiency, enhanced comfort, temperature control and fire resistance in buildings and industrial projects.</div>
<div>
<div>Knauf Insulation is building a new plant in Malaysia to meet soaring demand for its Mineral Wool insulation solutions across the Asia Pacific region. The new plant, which will be located in Tanjung Langsat, Pasir Gudang in the southern part of the country, will have a capacity of 60,000 tonnes a year. The plant is scheduled to be completed end of 2020 and will create 180 jobs in Malaysia as well as a further 60 new positions across the region.</div>
<div>
<div>The new facility will build on this success providing a major competitive edge for the company as well as significant advantages for customers. It will feature state-of-the-art technology and control equipment making it one of the most efficient and sustainable insulation plants in the Asia Pacific region. The plant will use up to 80% post-consumer recycled glass in the manufacturing process and feature Knauf patented high compression packaging. All products will be made using Knauf Insulation&#8217;s revolutionary bio-based binder, ECOSE&#174; Technology*.</div>
<div>The facility will offer customers enhanced services and a wider product range for residential and non-residential buildings specifically tailored for the Asia Pacific market, as well as solutions for HVAC systems and domestic appliances such as ovens, cars and fridges.</div>
<div>Highly efficient shipping logistics from Malaysia will also enable Knauf Insulation to develop new distribution partnerships in South-East Asian countries and strengthen its presence in the major insulation markets of Japan, Australia, Korea, New Zealand and Singapore. &#160; &#160;&#160;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/continuous-improvement-manager-4493604?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4493604&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 