---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Pricing Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pricing Specialist which based in Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pricing Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>About the role:</strong></p><p><strong>Work Location: Kuala Lumpur or Johor Bahru, Malaysia (Work from Home for the time being)</strong></p><p><strong>Reporting To: APMEA Pricing CoE Manager</strong></p><p><span>The Pricing Specialist role will be a part of our APMEA Pricing Centre of Excellence (CoE), reporting to the APMEA Pricing CoE Manager. This role will be responsible for </span><strong>end-to-end pricing/ product costing</strong><span> for customers and safeguarding our margin management principles in the APMEA region, ensuring that all Kerry products are priced accurately according to our set guidelines.</span></p><p><span>The Pricing Specialist role will require a strong understanding of Kerry products and its cost drivers, be a subject-matter-expert on Kerry&#8217;s pricing process and systems and a strong connector to the relevant Finance teams and critical cross-function stakeholders in Sales, Procurement and Supply Chain. The person in this role will have to demonstrate strong communication, detail &amp; systems orientation, with a high sense of urgency and accountability.</span></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>Strategic Activities</p><ul><li>Manage end-to-end pricing strategy and process for all customers</li><li>Active contributor to the annual pricing process</li><li>Support the Strategic Price Margin &amp; Management (PMM) Leads as needed</li><li>Process enablement through supporting the design and embedding of the CoE operating model system enhancements (SFDC, Vendavo etc)</li><li>Support any Pricing CoE projects in the future</li></ul><p>Core Activities</p><ul><li>Management of unpriced orders in SAP</li><li>Intercompany pricing and contract management</li><li>Costing and Master Data Management for Vendavo and Optiva systems.</li><li>Support for system roll-Out (parallel testing etc).</li><li>Maintenance of customer pricing contracts.</li><li>Assist &amp; support the AR department in the resolution of pricing disputes.</li><li>Rebate management (agreement setup, accruals and journals etc).</li><li>Audit enquiry &amp; governance support annually</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications, Skills and Experience:&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><strong>At least 3 years finance/ accounting experiences and relevant Pricing and Margin Management/ Product Costing experience is highly preferred within a commercial or manufacturing environment</strong></li><li>Minimum of a bachelor&#8217;s degree in Finance or Management Accounting</li><li>SAP or another ERP system experience will be an added advantage</li><li>Project Management skills and/or experience</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office suite (advance Excel, Word and PowerPoint)</li><li>A team player and a relationship builder with strong communications skills to work with multiple stakeholders</li><li>Strong attention to detail is critical</li><li>Comfortable with autonomy and proactive in approach</li><li>Results/solutions driven and able to challenges status quo and drives improvement</li><li>Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines</li><li>Focus on improvement and standardization of processes</li><li>Comfortable with ambiguity and adapt to dynamic work environment</li></ul><p><strong>Application Process:</strong></p><ul><li>Ensure your CV is up-to-date and highlights clearly those areas that support your suitability</li><li>Phone interview with Recruiter</li><li>Shortlisted candidates will have 2 rounds of Video interviews&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pricing-specialist-4596600?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596600&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 