---
title: "Orientus Industry Sdn Bhd Vacancies SYSTEM ANALYSIS" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-26 
excerpt: "Orientus Industry Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SYSTEM ANALYSIS which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Orientus Industry Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SYSTEM ANALYSIS</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Design, develop and implement overall front end/back-end applications.</li><li>Implements computer system requirement by defining and analysing system problems, design and testing standard and solutions.</li><li>Defines application problems by conferring with users, evaluating procedures and processes.</li><li>Develops solutions by preparing and evaluating alternative workflow solutions.</li><li>Control solutions by establishing specifications, coordinating production with software engineer.</li><li>Validates results by testing programs.</li><li>Ensure operation by training client personnel, providing support.</li><li>Provides reference by writing documentation.</li><li>Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, system and key processes.</li><li>Reviewing system and application logs and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backup etc.</li><li>Involves in project management, assisting in implementing, testing and maintaining the server level and system level applications.</li><li>Support major client server and multisite based in-house business application system.</li><li>Undertake system analysis, design and MS SQL/PostgresSQL scripts.</li><li>Coordinate application development for multiple projects.</li><li>Communicate and coordinate with IT vendors &#8211; discussion, design, testing and implementation of software.</li><li>Conduct end users training, guidance and documentation processes.</li><li>Assists in other project of third party&#8217;s software implementation across all departments in the company.</li><li>Explore way to carry out automated approach to improve work efficiency.</li><li>Ensure all deliverables are thoroughly documented.</li><li>Other duty as assigned by Head of Department.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.</li><li>Minimum 3 years experience in IT Software (ERP). Preferable in Manufacturing.</li><li>Skills: ERP, Dynamic NAV ERP, MS SQL, PostgresSQL, Financial Accounting.</li><li>Familiar with software development lifecycle (SDLC). Use case and various diagramming tools such as flowchart, ERD and DFD.</li><li>Excellent communication, critical thinking and multitasking skills as you will be required to work on multiple projects.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Samurai 2K Aerosol Limited (&#8220;Samurai 2K&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;, and together with its subsidiaries, the &#8220;Group&#8221;) is a leading aerosol coating specialist with a focus on high performance coating solutions for the automotive refinishing and refurbishing industry.</p><p>We are principally engaged in the manufacturing, distribution and marketing of our products under our own brands.</p><p>Headquartered in Malaysia, our products are manufactured in our production facility located in Johor and are distributed in more than four countries including Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, United Kingdom, United States of America and Singapore.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/system-analysis-4548282?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4548282&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 