---
title: "Flex Vacancies Recruiter (contract) - (WD109592)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-29 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Recruiter (contract) - (WD109592) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Recruiter (contract) - (WD109592)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div><b>Job Description</b><p>The <b>Recruiter </b>(12 months renewable contract) will be based in <b>Johor, Malaysia</b>. Responsible to manage and fulfil the hiring for professionals (IDL level) in order to support the business talent needs.</p><p><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><br><li>Passionate customer focus</li><br><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><br><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><br><li>Work independently</li></ul><p><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></p><ul><li>Manage the talent acquisition function and activities.</li><br><li>Ensure that talent acquisition needs are met in accordance with governmental requirements.</li><br><li>Develop and implement recruiting plans to staff open requisitions while minimizing cost per hire.</li><br><li>Develop and administer employee referral programs.</li><br><li>Ensures consistent corporate image throughout recruiting campaigns. May serve as or oversee website content expert for Staffing &amp; Recruitment.</li><br><li>May maintain manpower planning system and provide guidance to management on employment matters and/or affirmative action plans, as applicable.</li><br><li>Submit reports concerning hiring trends, turnover rates, candidate feedback, etc. to Human Resources staff and/or senior management, as appropriate.</li><br><li>Select, develop, and evaluate personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function.</li></ul><p><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></p><ul><li>Requires a Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related field</li><br><li>Demonstrates ability to adapt to a dynamic work environment and culture. Agile to changes and learn fast.</li><br><li>Able to work under pressure and sensitive to datelines.</li><br><li>Able to manage clear communications and collaborative in nature.</li><br><li>Demonstrates working knowledge of functional concepts and understanding of Flex's policies and procedures.</li></ul><p>#LI-SY1</p><p>ST23</p><b>Job Category</b><br>Human Resources<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p><p><b>The information we collect:</b></p><p><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b></p><p><span>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:</span></p><p><b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b></p><p><span>Email Address: dataprotection@flex.com</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/recruiter-contract-wd109592-4519341?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4519341&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 