---
title: "Jinko Solar Technology Sdn Bhd Vacancies IR & ER Team Lead" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "Jinko Solar Technology Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IR & ER Team Lead which based in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jinko Solar Technology Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IR & ER Team Lead</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To provide guidance to management on Industrial Relations policies and procedures; and interprets the employment act and other HR practices to ensure compliance with legal requirement.</li><li>Attend to Domestic Inquiries, representing the company for cases involving Labour &amp; IR office and the Industrial court.</li><li>To provide HR advice and support in managing/developing the human capital so that to meet the present and future business goals and sustainability.</li><li>To work closely with line managers in planning &amp; managing employee relations and employee activities to establish a positive employer-employee relationship and promote a high level of employee morale and motivation.</li><li>Manage and resolve complex employee relation issues.</li><li>To conducts effective, thorough and objective investigations at the workplace.</li><li>To review the current employee and industrial relations related processes, policies and procedures and implement improvement steps as and when necessary.</li><li>To conduct trainings on subjects related to managing employees, Industrial Relations, Performance Improvement Plans for all levels of employees.</li><li>To coach local HR and leadership in Labor relations trends, issues and techniques to promote positive employee relations and provide advisory role on all employment matters and issues related legal proceedings and industrial disputes.</li><li>To manage and conduct skip level meetings, employees&#8217; communication and feedback sessions and follow up to ensure closure of action items.</li><li>To familiar with Malaysian Employment Act, Labor Law and practices, Industrial Relations Act, Statutory Requirements and Human Resource Management.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Human Resource Management, Business Studies/Administration/Management or equivalent.</li><li>Good knowledge of the Employment Act 1955 and the Industrial Norms in relation to discipline management is a great advantage.</li><li>Ability to work independently &amp; with less supervision.</li><li>Ability to analyze problems, identify alternative solutions, proposed HR actions and implement recommendations in support of company&#8217;s goals &amp; objectives.</li><li>Fluent in&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English.</li><li>Mandarin literate is an advantage due to communicate with internal stakeholders and external parties.</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in Industrial Relation&#160;or related field is required for this position.</li><li>This position is based at<strong> Prai, Penang.</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>Jinko Solar</strong> is a global leader in the solar industry, that has 6 global factories, with a total capacity of 2.8GW in 2014 and up to 3.6GW in 2015. With 31 sales offices worldwide, we distribute our goods to a diversified customer base in the global PV market, including China, United States, Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Chile, South Africa, India, Mexico, Brazil, the United Arab Emirates, Italy, Spain, France, Belgium, and other countries and regions.</div>
<div>Thanks to its vertically integrated value added chain, Jinko Solar is providing one of the most efficient and most reliable solar products at the best price performance ratio available. The product range goes from wafers, solar cells and modules, to complete systems, serving all areas of the photovoltaic sector. Today, Jinko Solar is the first choice for many industries, businesses and homeowners around the world. In addition, strong financial stability makes us a sustainable and trustworthy partner.</div>
<div>Jinko Solar is now setting its first Asia footprint in Malaysia with an initial start up in April 2015, and now we are in progress to expand further. For those who are keen to be part of this team, join us in this breathtaking experience!</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Labuan, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/ir-er-team-lead-4513881?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4513881&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 