---
title: "Fairview International School Vacancies Middle Year Programme Coordinator (Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "Fairview International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Middle Year Programme Coordinator (Johor) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Fairview International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Middle Year Programme Coordinator (Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Nature of Role:</strong></div><div>The Middle Year Programme Coordinator (MYPC)&#160; is responsible for pedagogical leadership and oversight of the curriculum, assessment and reporting in all key learning areas from&#160; M1 to M5. The MYP Coordinator reports to the Principal and is expected to be actively involved in:</div></div><ul><li>Developing curriculum statements and practice consistency with the requirements of MYP IB.</li><li>Establishing communication with the staff and in relation to curriculum content, documentation and teaching methods.</li><li>Leading the pedagogical implementation at the campus through work with staff and students in classroom.</li></ul><div><strong>Dimensions of the Role:</strong></div><div>Documentation</div><ul><li>Ensure copies of the IB publications are available to all staff members.</li><li>Establish and maintain a record of completed written curriculum (i.e. Programme of Inquiry, Unit Plans, Scheme of&#160; Work, Lesson Plans, Assessments and others.)</li><li>To develop and publish the programme of inquiry</li><li>Lead the process of developing the school&#8217;s Scope and Sequence documents.</li><li>Ensure that the essential agreements are formulated for assessment and for each subject class.</li><li>Participate in the formation of the school&#8217;s strategic development plan.</li><li>Maintain records of internal assessments and the standardization of internal assessment.</li></ul><div>Professional Development</div><ul><li>Make recommendations regarding internal and external training opportunities.</li><li>Maintain a record of workshops, school visits and MYP Network Meetings attended by the staff in order to achieve equality of opportunities and identify ongoing needs.</li><li>Assist teams and individuals in developing good Middle Year Education practices and the Units of Inquiry.</li></ul><div>Resource Management</div><ul><li>Make recommendations for the purchase of suitable resources to support the implementation of MYP.</li><li>Establish an inventory of resources to facilitate efficient management.</li><li>Identify local people and resources that can be used to support the programme.</li></ul><div>Communication</div><ul><li>Set up systems for communication and collaboration among all members of staff involved in implementing the programme.</li><li>Ensure bi-weekly dissemination of information to parents via newsletter and updates of the programme.</li><li>Conduct parent information sessions and Open Days.</li><li>Publish articles pertaining to the programme&#160; in the school newsletter and as separate curriculum articles.</li><li>Circulate relevant information from the IB.</li><li>Prepare and submit any documentation required for evaluation.</li><li>Ensure that all requirements and procedures set by the IB concerning the programme are adhered to.</li><li>Respond to requests for information (e.i questionnaires) from the IB.</li><li>Extend contact with the wider community of learners through such means at the MYP Network Committee, Newletters, email contact with colleagues and school visits.</li></ul><div><strong>MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><div>The major responsibilities of the MYP Coordinator are:</div><ul><li>Meet regularly with the Principal and Campus Head.</li><li>Work collaboratively with the MYP Coordinators from other campuses or schools.</li><li>Perform QAT and make appropriate recommendations for subject teachers in terms on needs and support.</li><li>Interview teachers for hiring and students for enrolment.</li><li>Liaise with the Library Staff regarding resources and participation in programmes.</li><li>Support and guide staff with the planning, development and evaluation of their teaching.</li><li>Develop and manage the assessment and reporting process and practice from planning to distribution.</li><li>Develop policies together with the Academic Committee that are consistent with the school&#8217;s strategic directions.</li><li>Develop local and global relationships with schools and educators.</li><li>Organize and chair curriculum based information sessions for a variety of audiences including staff, students and parents.</li><li>Coordinate the production of Scope and Sequence charts for all learning areas.</li><li>Develop and publish units of inquiry and establish trans-disciplinary connections.</li><li>Plan and lead the professional development programme in conjunction with the Academic Committee.</li><li>Prepare curriculum documents for distribution to staff and parents.</li><li>Participate in the staff appraisal process with the Principal.</li><li>Monitor, maintain and budget for learning area resources.</li><li>Link and communicate developments in middle years curriculum.</li><li>Conduct an ongoing evaluation of the programmes and teaching practive.</li><li>Ensure that the programme and process are effectively documented.</li><li>Ensure the curriculum material is ready for authorisation and evaluation by IB and School Board and Authorities.</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>A Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Education with over 5 years of experience or equivalent.</li><li>A deep understanding of the IB MYP.</li><li>A creative leader with a proven track record of leading mission, vision and strategic plan driven change.</li><li>Proven teaching skills in subject domain, preferably English, Science or Mathematics.</li><li>Successful international experience in MYP teaching and leadership is an added advantage.</li><li>MYP examination or MYP workshop leader experience will be viewed favorably.</li><li>Strong communication in written and spoken English.</li><li>An understanding of the developmental needs of Middle Year Students.</li><li>A commitment to, and knowledge of the Middle Year Programme (MYP).</li><li>An ability to facilitate change.</li><li>Excellence in teaching practice.</li><li>Effective communication skills.</li></ul><div>Visit our website if you would like to get to know us more : www.fairview.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Fairview International School is the first and only network of 4 International Baccalaureate (IB) World Schools in West Malaysia. Having been authorised for 10 IB programmes and evaluated after the 5 year cycle for 5, Fairview moves on to expand into 3 more campuses in Malaysia. Fairview offers the full spectrum of the academic programmes of the IB &#8211; The Primary Years Programme (PYP), The Middle Years Programme&#160; (MYP) and the IB Diploma Programme (IBDP).
		<div>
			The time tested UK National Curriculum forms the backbone while the International Baccalaureate Framework drives teaching and learning.Our academic performance has been consistent over the years with our students&#8217; scores in DP averaging at 36/37.</div>
		Fairview takes a strong view on professional development, To that effect, the Cambridge International Diploma in Teaching and Learning is a mandatory course that all teachers must undertake within the first 6 months of employment. The tuition fee for this course is fully sponsored by the school. There are ample opportunities for professional development including post graduate programmes including the International Baccalaureate Teaching and Learning Awards.
		
	</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/middle-year-programme-coordinator-johor-4569342?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4569342&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 