---
title: "Syarikat Wen Ken Drug Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant QC Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-24 
excerpt: "Syarikat Wen Ken Drug Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant QC Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syarikat Wen Ken Drug Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant QC Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Overall responsible for operation of QC department which consist of chemistry lab and microbiology lab.</li><li>Ensure routine chemical, microbial and packaging materials testing are performed properly.</li><li>To monitor and plan work schedule for the QC team.</li><li>To monitor and purchase the consumable items in the lab.</li><li>To ensure proper calibration and services to be performed on testing equipment.</li><li>To work with other departments in relating product quality and testing</li><li>Maintain Good Lab Practice and proper documentation as per GMP requirement.</li><li>To support R&amp;D department in developing testing method for assay of active compound.</li><li>Perform method validation on active compound assay testing.</li><li>Responsible for identifying and providing relevant training to QC teams and production workers.</li><li>To handle any other task assigned by Management.</li></ul><p>Requirements :</p><ul><li>Degree in Chemistry and registered with IKM.</li><li>Min 3 years working experience in a pharma or food manufacturing industries.</li><li>Aggressive, results, oriented, good management, leadership, communication and inter-personal skills.</li><li>Positive, pro-active, assertive and able to work independently.</li><li>High degree of integrity, maturity and pleasant personality.</li><li>Ability to lead change and fulfill company target.</li><li>Multi-lingual (both oral and written), competent in standard computer software like Words, Excel, PowerPoint etc.</li><li>A task-oriented person who can take pressure and work under short lead time.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Incepted&#160;since 1937, the family-owned Wen Ken Group of companies has more than 84 years of experience in the manufacturing of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), Over-The-Counter (OTC) products and Health Supplements.&#160;Our modern and&#160;fully automated manufacturing facility located in Johor Bahru, Malaysia is compliant to Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) standards It is Wen Ken's aim to serve the community by reducing total health-care costs and promoting healthy living for people around the world with its natural health products. Wen Ken's existing factories and offices in South-east Asia cover a total land area of more than 40,000 square meters and employ a dedicated workforce of close to 200 employees.&#160;Product &amp; Services&#160;The well equipped, fully automated manufacturing facilities produce a wide range of consumer products. Wen Ken is committed to the highest standard of hygiene and quality control. All of its manufacturing facilities operate at GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) standards, awarded by the governments of the respective countries.&#160;Our team of professionals, including biochemists, pharmacists, food technologists, biotechnologists,&#160;chemists and microbiologists, believe firmly in safeguarding the quality assurance of all our products. With several decades of experience in their respective areas of specialization, they take pride in being responsible for the safety, quality and efficacy of the final products.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-qc-manager-4598415?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4598415&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 