---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Indirect Tax Analyst, APAC" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Indirect Tax Analyst, APAC which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Indirect Tax Analyst, APAC</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Work Location: KL, Malaysia (Work from Home for the time being)</strong></div><div><strong>Reporting To: APAC Indirect Tax Compliance Manager</strong></div><div>The Indirect Tax Analyst will be part of Kerry&#8217;s growing indirect tax compliance team which is responsible for the indirect tax compliance reporting requirements and associated financial controls for a growing number of countries. Kerry&#8217;s primary ERP system is SAP, with reporting from time to time from other systems and government portals. Indirect tax is a transactional tax and in addition to preparing indirect tax returns, we work with other Kerry functions to ensure that the end-to-end business process is compliant and efficient. Key stakeholders for this role are the Tax function and local Financial Controllers, especially in relation to tax audits and documentary requirements. However, we also work closely with Supply Chain, Order to Cash, General Ledger, Procure to Pay and other parts of Kerry.</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Prepare to review stage periodic indirect tax returns (monthly)<br>&#8226; Prepare or review indirect tax GL account reconciliations and Turnover reconciliations and follow up on any open items (monthly)<br>&#8226; Organize the indirect tax payments and submit returns centrally (where government procedures allow centralized filing)<br>&#8226; Prepare a monthly indirect tax debtor report that corresponds with indirect tax reconciliations<br>&#8226; Support the indirect tax compliance manager in relation to standardization / documentation of processes and controls for indirect tax&#160;<br>&#8226; Ad-hoc projects associated with indirect tax as needed e.g. audit preparation, process improvement, acquisitions / disposals, new SAP deployments<br>&#8226; Assign indirect tax rates to materials / products in master data workflow according to guidelines provided<br>&#8226; First point of escalation from data stewards in relation to tax data for new vendor / customer set ups<br>&#8226; Help to resolve transactional queries from other business functions and prevent avoidable issues for the future</div><div><strong>Qualifications, Skills and Experience:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Degree or equivalent in relevant area e.g. Finance/Accounting/Applied ICT or similar with at least 3-5 years&#8217; experience in a similar role in a multinational, Shared Services environment<br>&#8226; Good knowledge of SAP (other ERP systems also will be considered) and advanced MS Excel analysis skills is required<br>&#8226; Kerry business language is English, so good spoken and written business English is a pre-requisite. Ability to speak any other languages are a plus, but not required</div><div><strong>Key Personal attributes:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Strong numerical skills with high level of accuracy<br>&#8226; Organised work methodology and the ability to work to deadlines and generally complete tasks quickly and correctly<br>&#8226; Team player who is comfortable both sharing knowledge and learning new ways of working, both within indirect tax and when working with other functions<br>&#8226; Curious, solution-oriented mindset with an interest in identifying and developing process improvements<br>&#8226; Comfortable working independently on defined projects in a supportive environment</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/indirect-tax-analyst-apac-4496758?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4496758&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 