---
title: "Newpages Network Sdn Bhd Vacancies Administrative Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-22 
excerpt: "Newpages Network Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Administrative Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Newpages Network Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Administrative Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Assist in full spectrum of Adminstrative functions which include office receiptionist, administration, office supplies, meeting minutes, cleaners, company events, pantry, employee relations and employee records.</li><li>Assist in&#160;general office administration functions which include ordering and maintaining stationery, maintenance of office equipment and any other works that ensure the smooth running of the office.</li><li>Take minutes of meetings and provide good follow up action reports and updates.</li><li>Maintain strict confidentiality in matters related to board/company at all times.</li><li>Interact professionally with all levels of Management, staff and business associates, customers, vendors and/or suppliers.</li><li>Provide effective consolidation and compilation of Management records and reports.</li><li><span>Assist in human resource related works</span></li><li>Manage special assignments, ad hoc functions and related duties as when required.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>NEWPAGES NETWORK SDN BHD formerly known as NEW PAGES ADVERTISING since 2007. We aimed to carry the mission to spearhead the Online Marketing development in Malaysia. Therefore we intent to provide local SMEs a new solution to expand their online business and lead them with our professional marketing plan to solve internet challenges.</p><p>What makes us standout from our competitor are the ability and initiative in R&amp;D Sector, while the industry are focus on import and resell product/service from oversea, we already spent lots of resources in R&amp;D the product that suits Malaysia economy and SMEs. Ranging from Business Portal, company website, SEO to Mobile Tech, we have dedicated team that put effort in all these related sector to provide our customer the best and complete online marketing solution.</p><p>Our Mission:</p><p>Integrate latest technology into our products,&#160;</p><p>deliver most cost effective solutions that help our clients to reap&#160;maximum profit</p><p>Our Vision:</p><p>NEWPAGES is and will continue to be:</p><p>- An Essential Business Partner of every company&#160;</p><p>- A Reliable Company, Aiming to achieve over 100 years of sustainable development&#160;</p><p>- A People&#8217;s Company, for employees, for clients</p><p>Our Value:</p><p>-&#160;Integrity&#160;&#160;</p><p>-&#160;Commitment</p><p>-&#160;Teamwork</p><p>Our Location JB, KL, Selangor, Melaka, Penang, Klang.</p><p>JOHOR : 83, 83A, 83B, Jalan Flora 1/9, Taman Pulai Flora, 81300 Skudai, Johor.</p><p>Our Network</p><p>Official Website: www.newpages.asia</p><p>Malaysia No.1 Business Portal: www.newpages.com.my</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/administrative-executive-4544893?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4544893&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 