---
title: "Nirvana Asia Group Vacancies Human Resources Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-17 
excerpt: "Nirvana Asia Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Nirvana Asia Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>To manage payroll related administration work and to make all necessary co-ordination with employee to ensure smooth and efficient payroll processing.</li><li>To manage recruitment programs and the hiring process, maintain up-to-date recruitment tracker, talent database and all related interview communication.</li><li>To implement and administrator of Human Resources policies, programs and practices, and to review and update the SOP on a regular basis.</li><li>To implement training and development initiatives to address current capabilities and future training needs; coordinates and liaises with external consultant on employees&#8217; training needs and arrange schedules for employees. Evaluate the effectiveness of the respective training programs feedback from employees.</li><li>To formulate and recommend staff benefit and objectives that will establish a positive employer-employee relationship.</li><li>To prepare and communicate information to employees and former employees about benefit programs, procedures, changes, and government-mandated disclosures. Develop strong working relationship with other Executives, management and staff, providing advice, guidance and coaching as needed.</li><li>To conduct exit and grievance interviews with all departments/ staff and to handle complaints, disputes and grievances of all staff.</li><li>To handle all local labour tribunal cases and investigate and report on industrial accidents for insurance carriers.</li><li>To maintain and ensure that department ISO policies, procedure and forms are updated as per ISO requirement.</li><li>To organize corporate events such as Company&#8217;s dinner, corporate trip, staff meeting/ gathering, family day and others.</li><li>To assist in auditing work and prepare all documents needed for audit.</li><li>To assist in planning and implementing new HR Project.</li><li>To conduct or assist Training for Supervisory Academy program, yearly ESI, assist in Leadership Scorecard and assist in HR dialogue.</li><li>To update and modify organization chart which reflect to the actual circumstances.</li><li>To handle and keep the employee discipline in check by taking immediate actions for any misdemeanor at the workplace.</li><li>Any other duties as assigned by the superior/management to you from time to time.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:-</strong></div><ul><li>Possess Bachelor's Degree in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Possess at least 5 years of working experience in relevant role.</li><li>Prior experience in managing recruitment, payroll, foreign affairs management and industrial relations with statutory boards.</li><li>Strong leadership, communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Able to work with tight deadline, organized and result-oriented.</li><li>Excellent communication skill.</li><li><strong>Familiar with EA 1955, IRA 1967 and Act 446.</strong></li><li><strong>Willing to work on alternate Saturday (half day, twice per month).</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Highlights:-</strong></div><ul><li>Great career progression planning.</li><li>Competitive remuneration package.</li><li>Human-centric culture.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Established in 1990, Nirvana Asia Group is a world-class, full-fledged integrated bereavement care provider with over three decades of experience in memorial park operations. We play a vital role in promoting culture, most notably in funeral rites and traditions within the Malaysian Chinese community. We aspire to constantly keep improving, innovating and raising our standards of service as a leader in the industry in Malaysia and Asia as a whole.</div>
<div>
		From the first approved private memorial park in Semenyih, Selangor, Nirvana Asia Group has since expanded to Shah Alam and Klang (Selangor), Penang Island and Bukit Mertajam (Penang), Kulai, Segamat and Tiram (Johor), Kuala Lumpur, Sungai Petani (Kedah), Ipoh (Perak), Melaka, Kota Kinabalu (Sabah) and Sibu (Sarawak). Nirvana Asia Group also currently has international presence in Jakarta and Medan (Indonesia), Ban Bueng (Thailand) and Singapore.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-manager-4592625?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592625&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 