---
title: "NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies SALES ENGINEER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-14 
excerpt: "NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SALES ENGINEER which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SALES ENGINEER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></p><p>Industry : Fabrication Piping &amp; Structured for Oil &amp; Gas Industry</p><p>Location : Pasir Gudang, Johor</p><p>Working Day / Hours : Monday to Thursday (8.30am - 5.30pm), Friday (8.30am - 6.30pm)</p><p>Salary : RM 4500 - RM 5000</p><p>1. Preparation on inquiries in terms of technical included drawing review, BOQ, material quantity etc.</p><p>2. Liaise with procurement dept. and vendor on get updating price (material/machineries rental/consumables etc.) following client request.</p><p>3. Liaise with clients on all technical inquiries related with project, production &amp; QC matters.</p><p>4. Preparing any required technical proposal as per client&#8217;s requirements</p><p>5. Supporting on provide preliminary project schedule, machineries, tools &amp; equipment loading.</p><p>6. Liaise with Project, Production &amp; QC department on preliminary manpower loading requested by clients.</p><p>7. Provide and supporting marketing on updating project list, project information, project completion for updating accordingly.</p><p>8. Follow up &amp; update current project on going with project team to ensure meet the initial schedule (Output Efficiency &amp; Quality</p><p>9. To analyze every project selected completion (Cooperate with Project, Prod &amp; QC team) in order to identify any area for overall improvement on Cost &amp; efficiency</p><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong></p><p>1. Candidate must posses at least Bachelor's Degree, Professional Degree, Engineering (Mechanical/Automotive) or equivalent.</p><p>2. At least 3 to 4 years of working experience in related field is required for this position.</p><p>3. Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Sales - Engineering/Mechanical/Technical/Welding or equivalent.</p><p>4. Experience in Piping and Structure prefabrication and installation in the Oil and Gas Industry, Quality and Program Management is advantage</p><p>5. Excellent communication and Good Interpersonal skill.</p><p>6. Able to write and speak in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</p><p><strong>OTHER QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT</strong></p><p>1. Familiar with drawing Interpretation.</p><p>2. Understanding of WPS &amp; PQR.</p><p>3. Project &amp; QC Procedure.</p><p>4. Basic understanding on Code &amp; Standard (Client/Project Specification).</p><p>For interested candidate, please click the button 'apply"</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>NAEC (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (NAEC) is a subsidiary company of&#160;Nanjing Auto Electric Co., Ltd. NAEC's&#160;core business is to provide lean-fabrication one-stop solution to energy engineering contractors and fabricators. With advanced innovation ability and continuous integration of new technology &amp; processes, NAEC's solutions ensure its users high quality and efficient fabrication, and to make itself becomes nationwide clients' most preferred partner.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-engineer-4481319?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481319&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 