---
title: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd Vacancies Operation Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Operation Supervisor which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Operation Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li><span>Supervise and communicate with production leaders and workers for all related production process.</span></li><li><span>To lead, train and motivate a team of production operators.</span></li><li><span>Educate employees and follow up on process related method.</span></li><li><span>Update production schedules and to ensure meet delivery deadline.</span></li><li><span>To ensure maximum use of capacity and to achieve production efficiency.</span></li><li><span>Monitor raw material and stock for production usage.</span></li><li><span>Organize production work flow according to order requirement.</span></li><li><span>Analyses the quality and quantity issues of production and take corrective actions accordingly.</span></li><li><span>Maintain safety, product quality, 5S at production floor and production machinery.</span></li><li><span>Upkeep workplace housekeeping and cleanliness.</span></li><li><span>Monitor tools and machinery preventive maintenance for external servicing.</span></li><li><span>Assists Factory Manager for others production related matters as and when requested.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><span>&#160;Bachelor Degree&#8217;s in Operation Management and any related fields.</span></li><li><span>At least 5 years&#8217; experiences in manufacturing industry or any related industry.</span></li><li><span>Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to interact with people at </span><span>v various levels.</span></li><li><span>Excellent communication.</span></li><li><span>Able to communicate with all levels effectively.</span></li><li><span>Prefer to have computer knowledge.</span></li><li><span>Self-motivated, independent and able to work under pressure.</span></li><li><span>Able to work independently and able to meet tight datelines</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MLF Ingredients Sdn Bhd and its sister companies such as Lam Tak (Pte) Ltd&#160;are in food recycling and feed raw material manufacturing and trading.&#160;It owns 2 feed manufacturing factories and 1 insect farming site in Singapore and Johor.&#160;&#160;We also engage in international trading, covering Europe, USA, and Asian countries.&#160;&#160;Our suppliers and customers included world renowned companies such as Nestle, Prima Flour Mill, Arla Ingredients, Cargill, CP Group and etc.&#160;</p><p>Since 2014, the companies have been growing at average 40% growth rate.</p><p>Lam Tak Group of Company is a successful business and was nominated as finalist of the Emerging Enterprise Award 2020.</p><p>Website for the group of companies:&#160;www.lamtak.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operation-supervisor-4543994?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4543994&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 