---
title: "Cartrack Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Fitment Supervisor or  Fitment Engineer (Automotive Electronics )-Kuala Lumpur/Johor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Cartrack Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Fitment Supervisor or  Fitment Engineer (Automotive Electronics )-Kuala Lumpur/Johor which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cartrack Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Fitment Supervisor or  Fitment Engineer (Automotive Electronics )-Kuala Lumpur/Johor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Title:</strong>&#160;Fitment Supervisor / Fitment Engineer (English/ Mandarin/Cantonese Speaking serving customers) - Kuala Lumpur/Johor</p><ol><li><strong>Job Scope</strong>Demonstrate leadership skills in leading a team of fitters namely junior fitters, fitters and senior fitter who are responsible for executing all fitments within the country</li><li>Provide necessary guidance and&#160;support to each fitter whenever required</li><li>Communicate effectively with the scheduler and assist in the assignment of Fitters to each job based on their competency</li><li>Ensure fitment duration are kept within schedule by the respective fitters</li><li>Ensure quality of fitments are maintained by all fitters</li><li>Perform relevant on the job coaching function for new and existing fitters</li><li>Ensure the competency of all fitters by conducting regular review</li><li>Maintain professional image on individual &amp; operational cleanliness while performing the allocated task at designated location by the fitment team</li><li>Conduct detailed investigation on fitment issue pertaining to customer&#8217;s complaint and record all findings &amp; provide resolution to the operation manager</li><li>Prepare and present all fitment related matters during each operation meeting</li><li>Adhere to prescribe Cartrack&#8217;s business practices, policies and standards</li><li>Provide overseas onsite support to other Cartrack office in other countries</li><li>Deploy fitter&#8217;s schedules according and minimize of costs to Company</li><li>Manage fitter accordingly on the right competency training according to company&#8217;s standard operations procedures.</li><li>Provide good service to customers</li><li>Ensure production/service milestone is met</li><li>Read mechanical drawings, bills of material and route sheets</li><li>Provide administrator support in terms of quality and system maintained functionally</li><li>Manage operational aspects of new and old projects (ensuring execution of product on time, mechanical/warranty repairs, attend site meetings, update crm record on company drive.</li><li>Familiar with AC and DC Control circuits and fault findings</li><li>Provide weekly and monthly reports for fitments.</li><li>Read and use inside micrometers.&#160;&#160;</li><li>&#160;Fit taper keys, typically into coupling</li></ol><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U, Professional Certificate, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Engineering (Computer/Telecommunication), Engineering (Electrical/Electronic), Engineering (Others) or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin</li><li>At least 4&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Engineering - Electronics/Communication or equivalent.</li><li>Preferably working in automative industries handling maintenance in vehicles.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>A leading and established company in Fleet Management Solutions and vehicle tracking in Africa, Europe and South East Asia is expanding its services and solutions into Malaysia. As a growing company, we are embarking on an expansion journey and we believe our people are the heart of our success. In line with this, we are looking for highly motivated, enthusiastic, service oriented person and dedicated individuals to be part of our pioneering team here in Cartrack Malaysia, Dana 1 Business Centre, Petaling Jaya, Selangor</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/fitment-supervisor-or-fitment-engineer-automotive-electronics-kuala-lumpur-johor-4487741?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487741&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 