---
title: "WINTERGREEN UPHOLSTERY SDN. BHD. Vacancies Account assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "WINTERGREEN UPHOLSTERY SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account assistant which based in Muar" 
tags: [Muar] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WINTERGREEN UPHOLSTERY SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are an upholstery material supplier located in Muar, Johor, Malaysia for more than 10 years. Mainly focus on fabric, PVC, and so on</span></p><p><span>We have outlet in JB, MUAR, KL, and Penang. Business cover all over MALAYSIA.</span></p><p><span>We Are currently looking for an Account Assistant to expand the business together.</span></p><p>Company Mission</p><p>"To be the number 1 upholstery fabric supplier in Malaysia"</p><p>Company Vission</p><p>"Provide customers better services and products, improve company performance and profitability, increase employees' income, and achieve a better life."</p><p>What will your role be:</p><ul><li>Key in Data</li><li>Double-check account data</li><li>Filing documents</li><li>Follow up payment with the sales team</li></ul><p>What do you need to have</p><ul><li>The candidate must possess at least a Diploma or a Bachelor&#8217;s Degree or the Same level in Account (ICCI/CAT)</li><li>Required skill(s): Able to use basic computer and accounting system</li><li>Organized and able to work independently</li><li>Passion in work</li><li>Willing to accept new Challenge</li></ul><p>What are the benefits you are looking at</p><ul><li>High work performance orientated.</li><li>Performance Incentives&#160;and commission</li><li>Fast Track Career Progression</li><li>Friendly Work Environment &amp; Culture</li><li>Guaranty Salary/ commission</li><li>Annual bonus</li><li>Strong support team backup</li></ul><p>IF YOU are the RIGHT one, Please APPLY NOW</p><p>Or Whatsapp Your Resume with a photo to</p><p>016-219 9312</p><p>Please mention Account assistant MUAR in the message</p><p>Company Address KL branch :</p><p><span>no 2-41 Jalan Dahlia ,Taman Dahlia ,Jalan Abd Jabbar , Parit Jawa , 84150 Muar , Johor ,Malaysia</span></p><p><span>Working Hour:</span></p><p><span>Monday to Saturday</span></p><p><span>8.30 am to 5.30 pm</span></p><p><span>If You are not serious, PLease Don't apply. Thank you!</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Greentex is managed by Wintergreen which establishes on 2nd June 2010 as an enterprise and turns business model into a private limited company since 3rd October 2012. We are located at Parit Jawa, Muar, Johor.</p><p>The company currently has 20 over storerooms and more than 70 well-trained staffs who working under us. This is mainly to avoid a shortage of product supplies and provide excellent services to our valued customers.</p><p>The nature of our company is retailing upholstery fabric and sofa accessories to the private and corporate sector. We as fabric suppliers for about 10 years, we have focused on design excellence and differentiation through technical innovation resulting in an eco-friendly, diverse and comprehensive range of exclusive and durable fire retardant furnishing fabrics. Nonetheless, we are working hard in discovering a new source of accessories local and import overseas to fulfill our customer demands.</p><p>We working closely with local sofa factories and internationally acclaimed interior designers, our extensive portfolio of Eco-Friendly, fire retardant, water repellent, and indoor UV protection fabric, and special design of PVC.</p><p>Up until today, our business coverage is not only in Muar, we are also covered our business in every part of Johor and Melaka state. Other than that, our company also has a branch located at Selangor, Subang 2, name Fascino Textile (M) Sdn Bhd starting since 1st January 2018 which cover business for Seremban, Selangor, Kuala Lumpur, Ipoh, and Penang.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Muar. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-assistant-4570626?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4570626&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 