---
title: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd Vacancies Haulage Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Haulage Manager which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lima Bintang Logistics Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Haulage Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Haulage Manager</p><p>Johor &#8211; Senai</p><p>&#160;<strong>What does a Haulage Manager job description include?</strong></p><ul><li>To manage and supervise a team of drivers and support staff to ensure that the Haulage unit operates efficiently and effectively.</li><li>Develop and operate business plan and strategy in line with achieving the Haulage unit contribution to profitability and growth.&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Identify business opportunities by identifying potential customers and evaluating their position in the industry by doing research and analyzing the prospect. Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, guidance, and recommending solutions for service improvements.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Planning, organizing, controlling, and operate logistics management with full responsibilities of cost control.</li><li>Be in charge of organizing and overseeing all health and safety checks and routine vehicle checks and adhering to both company and statutory requirements.</li><li>Must also be aware of all transport legislation and procedures to ensure company compliance.</li></ul><p><strong>Key skills and qualifications of a Haulage Manager</strong>:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma in Logistics/ Transportation field or equivalent.</li><li>Excellent knowledge in Haulage Management System (HMS) and GPS for tracking activities.</li><li>At least 5 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Excel in leadership, to lead the team and align with Company&#8217;s direction.</li><li>Adept with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc.).</li><li>Possess own transport (motorcar).</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lima Bintang Logistics&#160;was founded with the purpose of Making Every Delivery Safe For People.</p><p>Since our founding in 2001, LBL has grown tremendously. From offering general transportation we now offer fully integrated logistics solutions and services&#8212;including public bonded warehouse, heavylifting and heavy transportation services, LMW consultancy and compliance services, chemical and dangerous cargo logistics, marine and offshore logistics, container haulage and international freight forwarding. And starting from 20 employees in small town Kota Tinggi,Johor, we now have more than 200 employees and drivers and 7 offices in Malaysia and Singapore. A lot has changed since the first LBL truck appeared. But some things haven&#8217;t changed: our commitment and our belief in delivering our purpose of " Making Every Delivery Safe For People".</p><p>We are expanding in line with rapid growth of the Company. If you are keen and interested with being part of member in realizing LBL purpose, possess the right attitude and willing to shape the future of Malaysia Logistics safety performance. We welcome you to be part of Lima Bintang team!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/haulage-manager-4512026?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4512026&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 