---
title: "One & Only Desaru Coast Vacancies Manager, Human Resources" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-02 
excerpt: "One & Only Desaru Coast is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Human Resources which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>One & Only Desaru Coast is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Human Resources</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><ul><li>Enhances the organization&#8217;s human resources by planning, implementing, and evaluating employee relations and human resources policies, programs, and practices.</li><li>Resolving conflicts through positive and professional mediation.</li><li>Analyzes wage and salary reports and data to determine competitive compensation plan.</li><li>Maintains the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.</li><li>Supports organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing program; counseling managers on candidate selection; conducting and analyzing exit interviews; and recommending changes.</li><li>Ensures planning, monitoring, and appraisal of employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees; scheduling management conferences with employees; hearing and resolving employee grievances; and counseling employees and supervisors.</li><li>Implements employee benefits programs and informs employees of benefits by studying and assessing benefit needs and trends; recommending benefit programs to management; directing the processing of benefit claims; obtaining and evaluating benefit contract bids; awarding benefit contracts; and designing and conducting educational programs on benefit programs.</li><li>Ensures legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements, conducting investigations, maintaining records, and representing the organization at hearings.</li><li>Enforces management guidelines by preparing, updating, and recommending human resource policies and procedures.</li><li>Retains historical human resource records by designing a filing and retrieval system and keeping past and current records.</li><li>Completes human resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees and following up on work results.</li><li>Prepares reports and recommends procedures to reduce absenteeism and turnover.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirments:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Degree in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Able to communicate and written fluently in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Pleasant personality and self-grooming is essentials.</li><li>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in a similar role with luxury resort.</li><li>Required Skill(s): ORISOFT, SAP SYSTEM or any of equivalents</li><li>Able to work in a fast-paced environment.</li><li>Applicable for Citizen of Malaysia and/or valid Permanent Residents of Malaysia only.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>"Kerzner International Holdings Limited (&#8220;Kerzner&#8221;), the owner of the ultra-luxury One&amp;Only Resorts and iconic Atlantis Resort &amp; Residences brands worldwide is pleased to announce the introduction of One&amp;Only Desaru Coast in Malaysia.&#160;&#160;</p><p>A 128-acre beachfront development, this ultimate bespoke lifestyle experience will include 42 suites, 2 luxury suites and an exclusive 4-bedroom villa, as well as approximately 50 One&amp;Only Private Homes available for purchase. This will be the first One&amp;Only in Malaysia as part of the expanding One&amp;Only collection, as the brand continues to grow and develop internationally. Kerzner manages a portfolio of globally renowned, landmark destination resorts, luxury hotels and residences and innovative entertainment experiences."</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-human-resources-4474459?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4474459&sectionRank=23&token=0~b6987222-f6c2-4010-8d5c-860f3e28feaa&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 