---
title: "GOH JOO HIN (KL) SDN BHD Vacancies Product Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-16 
excerpt: "GOH JOO HIN (KL) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Product Development Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GOH JOO HIN (KL) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Product Development Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Product Development Executive</strong></p><p><strong>Goh Joo Hin Pte Ltd </strong>has been established since 1940s.&#160;As the leading distributor in F&amp;B, Healthcare and IT consumer products industries in Singapore, we are expanding our operations and seek enthusiastic talents to join us. We are recruiting candidate who</p><p>is able to work independently in our Malaysia office. This job position will need to report the work task update/progress to Singapore Head Office Superior via virtual meeting.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Oversee research for new products, product enhancements and redesign from current and/or new vendors</p><ul><li>Contribute to brand growth by identifying and procuring products from reliable manufacturers/vendors that are able to provide high quality products at a competitive price</li><li>Develop new products that are cost efficient thus contribute sales to the Company (Online &amp; Offline Markets)</li></ul><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Perform and accomplish the research and development function to develop new products</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Conduct research on the ideas and assess their feasibility from a market and financial standpoint</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Source and work with external suppliers on prototypes till commercialization</p><ul><li>Keep up to date with latest market trends</li></ul><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any other duties may be assigned from time to time</p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Diploma/Degree specializing in Business Studies, Business Management, B.S. in Food Technology/Food Science, Food Nutrition would have an advantage&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Minimum 2-3 years of proven experience in relevant product development in FMCG industry (Non-Food, Food, Beauty,&#160;Personal Care or Supplements are preferred)&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Possess&#160;analytical thinking and problem solving skills&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Possess effective organizational skills &amp; entrepreneurial skill and paying attention to details&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Good interpersonal skills and able to interface with all levels, internally and externally, in a professional and responsive manner</p><ul><li>Able to work independently with minimal supervision and under a tight timeline, yet able to work cohesively with head office as part of team player</li><li>Resourceful, good project management and planning skills</li><li>Passionate about product development and innovation</li><li>Good command of English and Mandarin</li><li>Able and willing to travel (after COVID-19)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Founded in 1940s, the company has steadily established a vast network of distributors while retaining our expertise in providing prompt and quality service regionally.</p><p>The secret to Goh Joo Hin's success lies in our ability to maintain our history of prompt and reliable service in the international markets spanning Asia and Pacific region. Countries include Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei, Vietnam and the Philippines.In addition, Goh Joo Hin's extensive warehousing and distribution system ensures direct and immediate supply of ready stock to customers throughout the region.</p><p>Goh Joo Hin's success in the international arena is reinforced by a commitment in providing comprehensive customer service through rapid sourcing power, the ability to respond immediately with prompt delivery and our guarantee on all our products.</p><p>As such, trust and loyalty forms the essence of our basic business philosophy. In line with our continued efforts to improve and modernise, the company's plans include expansion to a bigger and better premise.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/product-development-executive-4507505?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4507505&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 