---
title: "BRIGHT PROPERTY SERVICE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies IT Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "BRIGHT PROPERTY SERVICE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IT Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BRIGHT PROPERTY SERVICE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IT Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Perform troubleshooting, supporting and repairing when ICT equipment, software, network malfunction.</li><li>Responsible in setting up all the ICT Infrastructure, LAN &amp; WAN, systems, and hardware &amp; software.</li><li>Fully involvement to support system development, implementation, testing and maintenance of the system.</li><li>To manage and protect company data, server and network for performance and free from security threats.</li><li>To liaise with external vendors/principles on technical support related issues and product evaluation.</li><li>Interface with users to identify computer related needs and provide appropriate software/hardware support applicable to those needs.</li><li>Responsible for overall system and IT infrastructure for the company.</li></ul><p>Job Requirements:</p><ul><li>At least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Computer Science/Information Technology, or equivalent.</li><li>Candidates fluent in Mandarin preferred as role requires candidate to deal with Mandarin speaking managers.</li><li>Experience in computer hardware/technical support and computer programming language.</li><li>Minimum 2 years of relevant working experience in IT related fields.</li><li>Expected start date: 1 May 2021</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited is a China-based provider of residential property management services and listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2018. The Company mainly provides property management services, community value-added services and non-owner value-added services. Its value-added services include advisory services, as well as clean up, landscaping and maintenance services.</p><p>Bright Property Service (M) Sdn Bhd (the subsidiary company of Country Garden) provides property management services to the projects of Country Garden in Malaysia, including Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur and Selangor.</p><p>Country Garden Danga Bay is the first overseas project of Country Garden, strategically located just 7km from JB CIQ, surrounded by the natural coastal ecological resources of the main city. It is the ultimate location for those looking for an ideal address with a melting pot of facilities, services, lifestyle &amp; culture.</p><p>Country Garden Central Park @ Damansara Aliff, Johor Bahru, is the first project in Johor Bahru building the community within a Municipal Park, a 15.6 acres of natural park right behind courtyard.</p><p>Country Garden Diamond City - The Next Chapter in Spanish Living, located at Semenyih, Selangor. A premium freehold villa township that features a sophisticated yet contemporary Spanish design coupled with beautifully landscaped grounds, world-class amenities and top-of-the-line security. A place meticulously crafted for abundant liveability.</p><p>Lake City @ KL North will be an 80-acre project that includes a hotel, office, park, shopping mall, connectivity and apartment community (HOPSCA) and transit-oriented development (TOD) to be undertaken by Country Garden Malaysia and Perdana ParkCity, the developer of Desa ParkCity in Kuala Lumpur.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/it-executive-4542787?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542787&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 