---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan TG Human Resource Services Sdn. Bhd Vacancies HR & Admin Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-30 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan TG Human Resource Services Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR & Admin Executive which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan TG Human Resource Services Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR & Admin Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>1. Payroll Related:</div><ul><li>Ensure that all HRIS matter in relation to payroll, leave, claims administration and mandated statutory compliance are process and executed in a timely and correct manner through our HR e-platform</li><li>Maintains payroll information by setting up the data in the system through directing the collection, calculation and entering of data / information</li><li>Updates payroll records if there is changes in exemptions, personal particulars, job details etc</li><li>Pay employees by directing the production and issuance of pay-slips or electronic transfers to bank accounts</li><li>Balance the payroll accounts by resolving payroll discrepancies</li><li>Provide payroll information by answering enquiries and requests</li><li>Perform HR duties such as prepare Letter of Offer, Confirmation Letter, Letter of increment etc to staff for existing and new projects</li><li>Process Client Invoices, billing and leave reports</li><li>Work pass application such as Employment Pass and etc</li><li>Conduct reference check, issue medical examination chits when required for new hires</li><li>May need to handle payroll matters relating to other countries beside Singapore if required</li></ul><div>2. Administrative Related:</div><ul><li>Manage office cleanliness, maintenance, vendors and any administrative duties as assigned</li><li>Coordinate and order from vendors on office printed stationeries and stationeries</li><li>Any other duties as assigned by the supervisor</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree holder in HR/Account/Business Studies or equivalent.</li><li>Min 3 years HR and Admin experience</li><li>Excellent command in Mandarin, Bahasa Malay and English (speaking and writing).</li><li>Integrity, conscientious, responsible and discipline.</li><li>Team player, motivated, independent and communicative.</li><li>Ability to multitask and prioritize daily workload.</li><li>Good computer skills &#8211; Microsoft Office, Emails, e-portal etc</li><li>Strong knowledge in Employment Act 1955, Industrial Relation</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Headquartered in Singapore, TG is a regional human resource services consultancy services company with direct investments in human resource solution companies in Asia Pacific. Our footprint includes Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan and Malaysia. Our aim is to help our clientele of employers become more successful by providing them with a comprehensive range of innovative human capital solutions. TG's strong regional presence and in depth local expertise have proven to deliver results notably in Recruitment Process Outsourcing (Executive Search, Permanent Placement, Flexible Staffing), Business Process Outsourcing, Payroll Process Outsourcing, and HR advisory.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-admin-executive-4473195?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473195&sectionRank=10&token=0~2da19e63-dbf1-4b11-934c-6abcc2f8197a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 