---
title: "New Vision Rubber & Plastic Technology Sdn Bhd Vacancies POLYMER MATERIALS ENGINEER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-07 
excerpt: "New Vision Rubber & Plastic Technology Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the POLYMER MATERIALS ENGINEER which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>New Vision Rubber & Plastic Technology Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>POLYMER MATERIALS ENGINEER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities: -</strong></p><ul><li>Performing risk assessments.</li><li>To work in R&amp;D lab for local and international products and application support.</li><li>To adjust and develop formulations according to customer needs, change in raw material quality, availability, or price.</li><li>To ensure industry and regulatory compliance for safety data sheet, product label, product line formulation, toxicity, product property information.</li><li>To apply, update lab SOP to implement up to date test methods for product support.</li><li>Providing the Factory Manager with process documents and standard operating procedures.</li><li>Coordinate senior development engineer to implement all new products and provide support to all new applications conduct various laboratory studies to analyze all data and prepare technical reports.</li><li>Manage multiple development programs and utilize various processing techniques to design all data for all customers and development programs.</li><li>Administer and analyze all data for all customers and technical management and recommend investigations for all polymer processes.</li><li>Monitor all customer issues and assist to identify and resolve issues effectively and assist senior staff to develop resolution for all issues.</li><li>Maintain all product improvement policies and promote efficient and safe lab operations to resolve same and ensure adherence to all site safety regulations.</li><li>Design new materials as per customer requirements and manage communication with all suppliers to design new compounds and maintain expert knowledge on same.</li><li>Analyze and recommend improvements to all materials to increase efficiency</li><li>of all polymer processes and collaborate with process engineering team to</li><li>forecast requirements.</li><li>Design and recommend innovative improvements to all processes and monitor all competitor activities and determine all quality specifications for all new materials.</li><li>Provide support to all business units and provide support to all plastic injection molding techniques.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements: -</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Engineering (Chemical, Industrial, Mechanical), Polymer Science/ Technology, Chemistry or equivalent with a minimum of 3 years of relevant working experience.</li><li>Fresh graduates also recommend applying.</li><li>Possess strong leadership skill and result-oriented.</li><li>Familiar with the quality management system in a manufacturing environment (Specialize: Rubber &amp; Rubber Synthetic)</li><li><strong>Applicants must be willing to work in Pasir Gudang</strong>.&#160;</li><li>Language:&#160;<strong>Mandarin, Bahasa Melayu, English.&#160;</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Benefits: -&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Annual Leave &amp; Medical Leave</strong></li><li><strong>Overseas Training Opportunities</strong></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>New Vision Group</strong>, which is an internationally-oriented group that develops, produces and sells highly specialized rubber and plastic products for the industrial sectors. We are a company focused on talent development to help build our expanding business. We are looking for suitable candidates to join our company.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/polymer-materials-engineer-4497624?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4497624&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 