---
title: "ELEGANCE CONCEPT SDN BHD Vacancies Account Executive / Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "ELEGANCE CONCEPT SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Account Executive / Manager which based in Segamat" 
tags: [Segamat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ELEGANCE CONCEPT SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Account Executive / Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Position is based in Segamat, Johor.</p><p>Role &amp; Responsibilities :</p><ul><li>Handle full set of accounting records for multi-country companies, double-entry, create invoices, sales orders, etc.</li><li>Cost analysis, budgeting, and revenue forecast for the company</li><li>Assists with the preparation of company account, companies' tax compliance process, annual tax filing, and annual audit reporting.</li><li>Ensuring compliance with payment, reporting, and other requirements.</li><li>Preparation of monthly bank reconciliation</li><li>Up to date on accounting, tax, and audit compliances and ensure compliance with accounting standards, tax regulations, listing rules, and other regulatory requirements.</li><li>Work closely with Procurement Department on all outstanding amounts to the supplier.</li><li>Liaise with external auditors, tax agents, bankers, and 3rd parties.</li><li>Maintaining proper filing and records.</li><li>Ad-hoc task assign by the superior.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Professional Certificate, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post-Graduate</li><li>Diploma/Professional Degree in Finance/ Accountancy/ Banking or equivalent.</li><li>For the Account Executive position, at least 1 year of working experience in the related field or fresh graduate of accounting course.</li><li>For the Assistant Manager/Manager, at least 2 year(s) of relevant experience in accounting/auditing/taxation required.</li><li>Required Language(s): English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li><li>The candidate will act as a Basic Accounting/Bookkeeping/Accounts Executive for this job position.</li><li>Preferably candidates fluent in Mandarin preferred as the role requires a candidate to deal with a China account. Candidates that willing and have the effort to learn new things. self-discipline.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><p>Required Skill(s):</p><ul><li>Careful and very detail-minded person</li><li>Enjoy dealing with figures/number/double entry</li><li>Can work independently with minimum supervision</li><li>Multi-tasking</li><li>A preferable candidate who is able to start work immediately</li><li>Sound understanding of accounting principles and local statutory requirements</li><li>Strong working knowledge of MS EXCEL</li></ul><p>Commitment Needed:</p><ul><li>The candidate must be willing to work after office hours and on weekends</li><li>Candidate must be willing to respond to WhatsApp from the company after office hours and on weekends</li><li>Candidates must be willing to multitask</li><li>Must\ be open-minded, willing to learn diverse skill sets to perform the different task and grow together with the company</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Our company is household storage solution trading company and we owned several brands. We mainly focus our selling activity via TV shopping channel &amp; E-commerce marketing. We are currently aggressively expanding towards the world. (Singapore, Indonesia, China, United State, United Kingdom, etc). We welcome candidate who is willing to learn and grow to join us in this exciting journey. Our candidate must be flexible and willing to learn different skill sets.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Segamat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/account-executive-manager-4525191?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4525191&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 