---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Executive Assistant to the CEO" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-30 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive Assistant to the CEO which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive Assistant to the CEO</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Highlights</strong></p><ul><li><span>Outstanding career growth</span></li><li><span>Attractive compensation package</span></li><li><span>Passionate, energetic, and innovative work culture</span></li></ul><br><strong>Job Description</strong><p><span>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is seeking applications for the </span>Executive Assistant to the CEO.</p><p><strong>Job purpose</strong></p><p>Reporting directly to the CEO, the Executive Assistant provides support in a one-to-one working relationship. The Executive Assistant serves as the primary point of contact for internal and external stakeholders on all matters involving the CEO Office. The Executive Assistant also serves as a liaison and secretary for the Senior Leadership Committee and a range of committees; organises and coordinates external relations efforts; and oversees special projects.</p><p>The Executive Assistant must be creative and enjoy working within an expanding and agile environment that is objective-driven, results-driven, and community-oriented. The ideal individual will have the ability to exercise good judgment in a variety of situations, with excellent written and verbal communication, administrative, and organisational skills, and the ability to maintain a realistic balance among multiple priorities.</p><p>The Executive Assistant will have the ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion, and must be able to work under pressure at times to handle a wide variety of activities and confidential matters with discretion.</p><p>The role requires excellent interpersonal skills, requiring negotiation and influencing across senior staff, and an understanding of leadership challenges and approaches within a complex environment.</p><p>The role requires extensive engagement with senior figures from professional bodies, corporations, governments, and external agencies; this will require the ability to be responsive but also proactive and forward-thinking in both communication and logistical arrangements.</p><p><strong>Key accountabilities/primary responsibilities include:</strong></p><p><strong>Administrations:</strong></p><ol><li>Manage all administrative aspects of the CEO Office in an efficient, effective, and professional manner, ensuring accuracy and confidentiality at all times. In executing this responsibility, work independently, knowing when to seek advice from the CEO on critical and sensitive matters, and ensuring important information and documentation are always brought to the CEO&#8217;s attention promptly.</li><li>Work effectively with the&#160;wider administrative and academic teams in relevant areas in supporting the CEO Office.</li><li>Manage and coordinate the collation of all relevant documentation including business papers for the Board of Directors, to ensure timely provision to the CEO. To identify gaps or shortfalls in information and search for sources to fill them and brief the CEO prior to attendance at meetings.</li><li>Provide a proactive identification of activity that needs to be managed and progressed on behalf of the CEO, ensuring that issues are properly progressed through appropriate routes and staff, following up, and ensuring the CEO has complete and relevant information.&#160;</li><li>Provide a courteous, professional, and knowledgeable point of contact, promoting the positive image of the University at all times.</li></ol><p><strong>Correspondences:</strong></p><ol><li>Deal with incoming mail and email, both independently and on behalf of the CEO, assessing its significance and ensuring that the CEO is engaged only with essential items that require his/her attention and response.</li><li>Draft high-quality correspondence on behalf of the CEO.</li></ol><p><strong>Diary and Travel Planning Management:</strong></p><ol><li>Manage<span> </span>an extremely active calendar of appointments ensuring no conflicting meetings or activities. In executing this responsibility, prioritise meetings, activities, and deadlines effectively.</li><li>Ensure the CEO's schedule is followed and respected,&#160;creating the best access to the CEO's time.</li><li>Keep the CEO well informed of upcoming commitments and responsibilities, following up appropriately.</li><li>Arrange complex and detailed travel plans and arrangements including visa application and bookings for hotel, flight, and taxi. Many of the trips involve multiple time zones.</li><li>Prepare all agendas, with full briefing documentation, itemised time schedule, overview of each meeting, full details of people to be met, relevant addresses, and any other relevant information for each trip.&#160;Ensure the electronic calendar is kept up-to-date with full meeting information, i.e. venue addresses, phone numbers, attendees, etc.</li></ol><p><strong>Relationship Management:</strong></p><ol><li>Build a strong network of key contacts within the University and also externally, including large corporations, government, the public sector, and the media, in order to ensure excellent working relationships at the appropriate levels, to facilitate efficient dissemination and exchange of information, and to promote a positive and professional image.</li><li>Develop an understanding of the leadership role of the CEO in a complex academic environment and use the necessary influencing and negotiating skills required to support the CEO in the development and delivery of agreed priorities.</li><li>Assist the CEO in relevant advancement activities to support the expansion programme and the UoSM Strategic Plan.</li></ol><p><strong>Special Project:</strong></p><ol><li>Undertake special projects, as identified by the CEO. This may involve conducting research, data analysis, and gathering background materials required for the project.</li></ol><p><strong>Other duties:</strong></p><ol><li>Line manage staff,&#160;when required.</li><li>Any other duties appropriate to the grade and as required by the CEO.</li></ol><p><strong>Person Specification includes:</strong></p><ul><li>Good first degree or equivalent qualification &#8211; management, business administration, or similar.</li><li>Excellent written and spoken English language.</li><li>Experience in drafting correspondence and responding on behalf of senior management.</li><li>Experience in writing reports, briefing materials, and presentations for a range of audiences including senior management.</li><li>Sound understanding of governance structures and the policy and regulatory framework.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills, in particular the ability to work with and influence a wide range of people.</li><li>Able to work with minimum supervision.&#160;</li></ul><p><span>The full job description is available upon request.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-assistant-to-the-ceo-4578621?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4578621&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 