---
title: "ROCKFON (Chicago Metallic Malaysia) Vacancies HR Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-03 
excerpt: "ROCKFON (Chicago Metallic Malaysia) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ROCKFON (Chicago Metallic Malaysia) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are a reputable multi-national group of companies in manufacturing with long history operating globally. We are looking for an experienced, enthusiastic and passionate HR Executive to join our vibrant team in our Johor plant. This position will report to Operations Director and indirectly to Malaysia Country HR Manager.</span></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities &amp; Job Content</strong></p><p><strong>1) Recruitment &amp; Selection</strong></p><ul><li><span>Coordinate and liaise with employment agencies for recruitment interview and Foreign workers&#8217; pass application and extension</span></li><li><span>Coordinate in the placement of recruitment advertisement</span></li><li><span>Administer Employee Referral Program (ERP)</span></li><li><span>Assist in screening and scheduling the short-listed candidates for interview</span></li><li><span>Preparation of appointment/confirmation letter and remuneration package for</span> <span>employee</span></li><li><span>Conduct exit interview for resigned staff</span></li><li><span>Maintain and update JobStreet portal</span></li></ul><p><strong>2) Training &amp; Development</strong></p><ul><li><span>Assist in conducting induction program for new employees</span></li><li><span>Maintain and update employees&#8217; training and development records for ISO compliance</span></li><li><span>Preparation of Training Needs Analysis, Training Identification, and Annual Training Plan</span></li><li><span>Preparation of documents required for ISO9001 Annual Management Review Meeting</span></li></ul><p><strong>3) ER &amp; IR</strong></p><ul><li><span>Letters preparation</span></li><li><span>Organize and coordinate Company&#8217;s functions and celebrations (CNY/Hari Raya/Christmas/Safety Day/Annual Dinner &amp; etc.)</span></li><li><span>Explain company policies and collect employee feedbacks</span></li><li><span>Discipline &amp; Counselling&#160;</span></li></ul><p><strong>4) Human Resource Administration / Payroll/ Ad-hoc</strong></p><ul><li><span>Maintain and update shop floor employees attendance and leave information, e.g. annual leave / sick leave / public holiday &amp; etc</span></li><li><span>Preparation of official letters/announcements/memos</span></li><li><span>Create HR &amp; Admin related new forms template upon request</span></li><li><span>Liaise and coordinate with Government Statutory Department on government compliance issues, assist operations to handle requirements of JKKP, MBJB, DOE etc. to ensure smooth operations.</span></li><li><span>Maintain and update employees&#8217; insurance information, e.g. addition/deletion of employee from insurance listing</span></li><li><span>Assist in Internal Audit exercise</span></li><li><span>Monthly payroll preparation including all allowance</span></li><li><span>Yearly 13</span>th<span> month/bonus/merit increment preparation</span></li><li><span>Build and maintain a close working relationship with Malaysia Country HR team, to represent JOHOR local company to participate in Group and Country HR programs on policies, regulations, training and other activities and execute into JOHOR company in order to ensure a complied and aligned HR practices</span></li><li><span>Any ad-hoc tasks assigned</span></li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong></p><ul><li>At least 3 - 5 years experiences in a HR&amp; Administration function within a manufacturing environment</li><li><span>Knowledge of the payroll system &amp; processes, legal requirement on tax and social security contributions</span></li><li><span>Able to interpret current and pending legislation and set appropriate compliance</span></li><li><span>Computer literacy, including proficiency in understanding of processes and data integration. Experience in HR Workday administration will be an added advantage</span></li><li><span>Able to maintain high standard in ensuring confidentiality, paying attention to details, accuracy and completeness.</span></li><li><span>Able to set priorities and organize work to meet deadlines</span></li><li><span>Personal qualities: Initiative, tolerance for stress, adaptability, ability to learn and ability to impact and can communicate to all level of employees.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>ROCKFON&#160;is a subsidiary ROCKWOOL International of Denmark - the world's largest producer of stone wool - with over 70years of experience. The ROCKWOOL Group was founded in 1937 and today operates 27 factories and employs more than 9,300 people across the globe.</div>
<div>In December 2010, the ROCKWOOL Group acquired the Asian insultation businesses of CSR Limited making the new entity ROCKWOOL Asia the largest manufacturer of stone wool in Asia. Today, ROCKWOOL Asia has Chinese offices in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong along with offices in Vietnam, Taiwan, Singapore and the Philippines. The four ROCKWOOL factories located across China, Malaysia and Thailand will soon be joined by a fifth being built in Tianjin.</div>
<div>All ROCKFON &amp; Chicago Metallic solutions meet the strictest requirements for humidity resistance, acoustical performance, fire protection and hygiene - enabling you to Create and Protect aesthetic indoor environments.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-executive-4581355?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4581355&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 