---
title: "Palmtop Vegeoil Products Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Maintenance Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-01 
excerpt: "Palmtop Vegeoil Products Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Maintenance Supervisor which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Palmtop Vegeoil Products Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Maintenance Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Schedules repair, maintenance, and installation of machines, tools, and equipment to ensure continuous production operations.</li></ul><ul><li>Plans, develop, and implements new methods and procedures designed to improve safety, minimize operating costs, and effect greater utilization of labor and materials.</li></ul><ul><li>Ensure machining works for parts &amp; spares as well as equipment/machinery repairs are done according to specifications, quality, and on time.</li></ul><ul><li>Overseeing contractors engaged in buildings and grounds maintenance activities.</li></ul><ul><li>Manage the maintenance team and ensure the smooth running of the plant &amp; machinery.</li></ul><ul><li>To make preparation for all repairs needs such as planning, breakdown analysis, required tools, technical drawings, spare parts, and the procedures before work commencement as well as implementing cost control measures through the process.</li></ul><ul><li>Perform any other tasks and assignments as directed by the immediate superior and the management from time to time.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>MECHANICAL ENGINEERING WORKS</strong></li><li>Able to handle</li><li>Preventive Maintenance</li><li>Able to handle rotating mechanism operation</li><li>Work with worm gears, speed reducers, gearbox, Couplings, mechanical clutches and brakes, bushing slifting, conveying system, belting, crushes, and more</li></ul><ul><li><strong>WORK WITH PNEUMATIC SYSTEM</strong></li><li>Able to do various types of sequence controls (Fully Auto &amp; Manual)Able to handle all types of cylinder, valves, speed control fittings, FRL and accessories</li><li>Very good working experience in troubleshooting and repairing</li></ul><ul><li><strong>WORK WITH HYDRAULIC SYSTEM.</strong></li><li>Able to handle all types of cylinders, valves, Pump, Pressure Hose, fittings Filters, and accessories</li><li>Very good working experience in troubleshooting and repairing</li><li>Able to do various types of sequence controls (Fully Auto &amp; Manual)</li><li>Work with Gas and Diesel Burner</li><li>Work with the filling system (free for pumps, weighing, and ext)</li><li>Able to handle Plumbing Works</li><li>Able to handle building facilities repairing works</li><li>Willing to face challenges in Technical difficulties</li><li>Able to handle Automation System (Minor) (Basic)</li></ul><ul><li><strong>ELECTRICAL : INDUSTRIAL &amp; DOMESTIC</strong></li><li>Work with Sub Station to DB to Control Circuit</li><li>Work with HV and LV* Work with AC and DC Supply</li><li>Work with various types of Transformers</li><li>Work with Industrial and Domestic Wirings (Main Cables and Controls Cables)</li><li>Work with Motor Controls (DOL SDS F/R RRS Ext)(All types of sequence controls) (Fully Auto &amp; Manual)</li><li>Work with various types of Pumps ( Installation Service Repairing)</li><li>Work with Heating System. (Direct &amp; Impulse)Thermostat, Temp Controller, Simmer Start ext* Work with all types of Circuit</li><li>BreakersWork with Earth Leakage Circuit Breakers and Over Load Relays</li><li>Able to handle various types of electrical equipments and accessoriessuch as contactor, relay, switch gears, mccb, mcb, ncb. ext* Able to read and write schematic diagrams,Circuit Diagrams, Single Line Diagrams</li><li>Very good working experience in TROUBLE SHOOTING and REPAIRING</li></ul><ul><li>Candidate must possess Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Mechatronics Engineering / Mechanical or equivalent. Those without these technical qualifications but with extensive experiences and exposure may also be considered.</li><li>At least 2 years of working experience in technical and maintenance working environment.</li><li>Experience in managing a group of personnel in maintenance process.</li><li>Good knowledge of plant equipment and processes, plant engineering and maintenance functions, applicable governmental regulations and safety procedures.</li><li>Languages: English is a must and able to read, write and speak in Mandarin is a plus.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Palmtop Vegeoil Products Sdn. Bhd. (hereafter referred to as &#8220;Palmtop&#8221;) was incorporated in 1993 in Malaysia and since 2008, established itself as one of the leading manufacturers for edible oils in the Industry.</div>
<div>On 15 May 2015, Palmtop had become a subsidiary of Continental Resources Sdn Bhd (hereafter referred to as &#8216;CRSB&#8217;) which is located in the region of Port Klang in Malaysia, effectively becoming a member of C.I. Holdings Berhad, a company listed on the Main Board of the Malaysian Stock Exchange.</div>
<div>Our group has 4 manufacturing plants located strategically in Pasir Gudang &amp; Port Klang in Malaysia and have a combined production capacity of 1,000,000 metric tons per annum. In addition, we are accredited with the following certifications in line with our commitment to uncompromising standards:-</div>
<ul>
<li>S/HA/1542 Food Safety according to HACCP System</li>
<li>MS 1480:2007 Food Safety according to HACCP System</li>
<li>MS 1514:2009 GMP For Food</li>
<li>MS 1480:2007 Food Safety System Certification</li>
<li>ISO 22000:2005 FSMS Certification</li>
<li>ISO 22000:2005 FSMS</li>
<li>Malaysian Phytosanitary Certification Assurance Scheme</li>
<li>HALAL Certificate of Authentication</li>
</ul>
<div>Palmtop, through its Singapore marketing arm, Continental Palms Pte Ltd, provides integrated support in terms of market intelligence and distribution. Led by our Managing Director with 35 years of experience in the Edible Oils &amp; Fats field, the team provides an additional value in terms of understanding consumer needs in consumer marketing, branding and merchandising of various consumer-packed products in domestic and international markets.</div>
<div>The main goal is to ensure building a robust and sustainable downstream business thru our major brands which are distributed widely and while pursuing to provide quality service and products to a wider global audience.</div>
<div>In this ever challenging global market, we are faced with various risks including logistic, operational, country, financial and commodity price risk. Our Team&#8217;s success can in part be attributed to the sophisticated risk management process which allows us to manage the risks inherent from sourcing raw materials to end consumer. We seek to mitigate risks for the optimal outcome.</div>
<div>To date, Palmtop is growing exponentially with our product distribution covering more than 100 countries, while continuously working to extend our presence to more areas and target audiences all over the world. Currently our major exports markets are to the African &amp; Middle East Continents. We are devoted to using our expertise and vast experience to serve the dynamic needs of our customers to the best of our abilities.</div>


Based on our tagline "Every Drop Matters", our success in the Edible Oils and Fats industry is driven by our commitment to ensure that high quality products are being offered with competitive pricing. Our vision and goals are supported by our people with their commitment to ensure our values and principles are upheld at all times.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/maintenance-supervisor-4474228?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4474228&sectionRank=17&token=0~8c9ce4a9-5b56-4d25-ba7c-8c917cae6a66&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 