---
title: "URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD Vacancies Planner, Preventive Maintenance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Planner, Preventive Maintenance which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>URC SNACK FOODS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Planner, Preventive Maintenance</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>In a nut shell:</strong></p><ul><li>This is a very important role who controls the Asset Management and Maintenance Planning.</li></ul><p><strong>You are accountable for:</strong></p><ul><li>Prepares maintenance plan of each piece of equipment in the plant using criticality analysis.</li><li>Schedules maintenance activities by preparing necessary resources such as spare parts, manning and time to implement the plan and conduct team meeting.</li><li>Analyzes and evaluates the effectiveness of maintenance plan such as % PM implementation, quality of work&#160;maintenance hour usage, condition monitoring and spare parts usage (fast moving, slow moving, insurance &amp; opex).</li><li>Generates and analyzes the stoppage ranking report then prioritizes maintenance activity to correct the major contributor on downtime. Initiate the tracing of responsibility on every major equipment failures.</li><li>Generates backlog report then reschedule maintenance work according to priority.</li><li>Prepares analysis of backlogs. Regularly prepares and update the daily, weekly maintenance schedules</li><li>Monitors, analyzes and the proper expend of utilities to improve yields on fuel, electricity, air and water. Recommends action plans to superintendent or supervisor.</li><li>Prepares weekly and monthly maintenance report with corresponding analysis and variance explanations.</li><li>Monitors and ensures implementation of spare parts management program to contain stocks to optimum level and the Tools Management Programs for fast and quality implementation of task.</li><li>Analyzes inventory level and forecast of needed consumables and tear parts.</li><li>Manages fixed manufacturing expenses particularly repairs maintenance costs and manpower deployment, capital and operational expenditures.</li></ul><p><strong>You SHOULD have (still, we welcome your application if you don't meet any of the below)</strong></p><ul><li>Diploma/Bachelor Degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering.</li><li>2 Year(s) of working experience in the related field.</li><li>Good skills hands-on in SAP PM Module.</li><li>Good knowledge in mechanical and electrical, project planning and maintenance management.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>One of the Largest FMCG in the Region</strong></p><p>We are one of the largest branded consumer food and beverage product companies in ASEAN markets. We have employed more than 122,000 employees worldwide, with more than 500 employees across Malaysia with Head office in Johor Bahru.</p><p><strong>Large Conglomerate</strong></p><p>We are engaged in a wide range of food-related businesses, including the manufacture and distribution of branded consumer foods, flour milling and pasta manufacturing, sugar milling and refining, renewable energy via the bio-ethanol and biomass cogeneration businesses (under Sugar Group), hog farming, manufacture of animal feeds, glucose, soya products and veterinary compounds. We also have presence in the real estate, transportation, banking and other interesting businesses.</p><p>Join us today to grab an opportunity to grow yourself and the company!&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/planner-preventive-maintenance-4571718?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4571718&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 