---
title: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Supplier Quality Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-08 
excerpt: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supplier Quality Engineer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supplier Quality Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p>Cricut is seeking an experienced and versatile Supplier Quality Engineer to join our Global Quality Engineering team in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. As a Supplier Quality Engineer, you will use your experience, expertise, and resourcefulness to identify analyze and solve problems, develop goals and objectives to meet short-term and some long-term quality goals. The SQE will also focused on supplier quality management in a contract manufacturing setup, working to monitor supplier performance, and drive improvements to reduce the number of defects and Cost of Quality and ensure a world class customer experience. You should be able to drive the projects independently, represent QA concerns in meetings with cross-functional, project team and with contract manufacturing partners.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Ownership of supplier quality control &amp; management process at contract manufacturing facilities with a strong focus on continuous improvement of quality system.</li><li>Develop a robust supplier quality system including incoming/in-process/outgoing inspection (IQC, IPQC, FAI, OQC) requirements, yield tracking and reporting, CAPA systems, supplier scorecards, and supplier audit schedules</li><li>Perform periodic audit of work-in-process audits and finished products.</li><li>Work closely with internal quality and sourcing resources to manage supplier audits, and maintain supplier score cards to drive improvements for quality, cost, service, and delivery</li><li>Maintain appropriate quality database and report supplier performance on a monthly basis</li><li>Work with suppliers to assure &#8220;zero defect&#8221; performance through root cause evaluation and driving corrective actions using tools such as 8D, FMEA and control plans</li><li>Responsible for SCAR from initiation to closure</li><li>Drive supplier selection through robust qualification processes and assist in qualification of production line, fixtures and go-no gages at CM and supplier locations</li><li>Work effectively with product management, engineering, and sourcing teams to eliminate any barriers that may affect the quality and delivery of sourced components/products.</li></ul><p><strong>Required Qualification &amp; Experience:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Engineering or related technical field</li><li>Minimum 5 years&#8217; hands-on experience in Supplier Quality Management &amp; Manufacturing Quality</li><li>Experience in the consumer electronics and consumable products is plus</li><li>Must have prior experience managing supplier relationships</li><li>Working knowledge of Statistical Process Control (SPC)</li><li>Strong problem solving and facilitation skills</li><li>Exceptional written and oral communications in English</li><li>Strong attention to details and ability to work independently</li><li>Experience in communicating with cross functional team members and suppliers</li><li>Must be able to travel with 30% time</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At Cricut&#174;, we believe that we&#8217;re all born makers. When we built our first cutting machine, we saw the potential for a simple yet powerful tool to completely transform the way people craft, design, and DIY. Since then, we continue to innovate with new machines, platforms, materials, and tools, but that&#8217;s just what we do. Who we are is a bustling worldwide community, a means for connection, and an outlet for unbridled creativity. Join us as we place the power of handmade into the hands of ALL.</p><p>Life</p><p>Love your work. And your coworkers.</p><p>Our company is made up of A+ human beings. We ask tough questions, entertain ideas outside of our own, and work together to make something bigger than ourselves. With Cricut&#174; growing in China, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Europe, South America, as well as Malaysia we&#8217;re on an unstoppable roll, satisfying that innate creative itch around the world. We train, develop, and celebrate great work with hallway high fives and promotions within. We also throw the world&#8217;s best Halloween party.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supplier-quality-engineer-4560897?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4560897&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 