---
title: "MERISON (M) SDN BHD Vacancies Logistic Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "MERISON (M) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Logistic Executive which based in Johor, Melaka" 
tags: [Johor, Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MERISON (M) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Logistic Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Duties:</strong><ul><li>To monitor all incoming shipment and ensure the shipments arrive within the agreed time to maintain optimum stock level.</li><li>Work with management team to forecast and maintain sufficient inventory level.</li><li>Ensure healthy inventory levels to meet customer satisfaction and at the same time minimize cost</li><li>Allocate inventory to fulfil customer demand</li><li>Ensure competent quality execution of all regular purchasing duties and administrative works. Execution and monitoring of all regular purchasing duties.</li><li>Responsible for the preparation and process purchase orders and documents in accordance with company policies and procedures.</li><li>Performing other duties assigned.</li></ul><br><strong>Job Requirements</strong><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, in any field.</li><li>At least 1 year of working experience in order fulfilment and inventory control is preferably for this position.</li><li>Competent with Microsoft Office applications such as Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.</li></ul><br><strong>Skills &amp; Knowledge:</strong><ul><li>High accuracy and meticulous attention to detail.</li><li>Able to work well under pressure and respond to fast changing priorities and deadlines.</li><li>Highly organized and able to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>WHO ARE WE</strong></p><p>We are one of thee biggest distributor in Southern and East Coast region of Malaysia partnering with</p><p>international conglomerates distributing more than 40 brands in the retail arena of the consumer market. We are one of the largest supply chain management specialists with extensive touch points &amp; merchandizing.</p><p>Merison (M) Sdn Bhd is also a subsidiary of KATO SANGYO Co., Ltd, who is one of the largest food distributors in Japan and distinctive presence in China, Vietnam, Singapore and Malaysia. We are centered on embracing a growth mindset, and encouraging all employees to bring their best each day. With this, we create innovations that have a positive impact on the organization.</p><p><strong>CORPORATE CREDO</strong></p><p>We make people lives happy as the most valuable presence for both manufacturers and customers by enlightening capabilities and enhancing functions, and aim to achieve sustainable growth as a company with social value.</p><p><strong>MISSION</strong></p><p>Mission Our mission is to realize &#8220;People&#8217;s Happiness&#8221; by offering a &#8220;Rich Dietary Life&#8221;. All of our activities and efforts will target towards the achievement of this mission.</p><p><strong>What Do We Do?</strong></p><p>We provide Best in Class Route to Market execution to all our principals driving behind Extensive network coverage of hypermarkets, retail outlets, hotels, cafes, restaurants and bakeries from Negeri Sembilan to Johor and total east coast region. Excellence in speed to market execution of new products and launches. Strong and experienced management team to drive strong record of growth!</p><p>Send us your resume and explore all opportunities with us!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistic-executive-4550059?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4550059&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 