---
title: "CTI International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies IT SUPPORT ENGINEER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "CTI International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IT SUPPORT ENGINEER which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CTI International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IT SUPPORT ENGINEER</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>The objective of the role is to help build out, maintain and troubleshoot our expanding infrastructure to support the growing business.&#160;As an experienced and talented engineer, you are expected to demonstrate your technical competencies, delivering quality and timely IT support services, while ensuring the IT infrastructure is maintained at the highest levels of availability, performance and security.&#160;</div><div><strong>The Job Scope</strong>&#160;Your contributions will include :</div><ul><li>Implement, configure, update, troubleshoot, and support our software service and systems such as Office 365, Active Directory, Windows, file backup, servers and VMs, and other required systems&#183;</li><li>Create, maintain and update various IT processes and procedures&#183;</li><li>Create and maintain system and security standards&#183;</li><li>Manage and monitor all installed systems and infrastructure&#183;</li><li>Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability&#183;</li><li>Maintain security, back up and redundancy plans</li></ul><div><strong>Specific Areas:</strong></div><div><br><strong>Network Infrastructure</strong>&#183;</div><ul><li>Familiar with TCP/IP Network.</li><li>Familiar with simple firewall configuration.</li><li>Network maintenance including wireless network.</li></ul><div><strong>Wintel Server Administration</strong>&#183;</div><ul><li>Creating, deploying and maintaining Group Policy.</li><li>Familiar with windows AD.</li><li>Familiar with HYPER-V / VMWARE and VEEAM backup.</li><li>Manage security of data, network access and backup systems&#183;</li><li>Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers, and scanners&#183;</li><li>Maintain, Create and Delete user accounts<strong></strong></li></ul><div><strong>ERP</strong>&#183;</div><ul><li>Knowledgable in ERP systems, with experience in Epicor ERP will be advantageous.</li></ul><div><strong>End User Support</strong>&#183;</div><ul><li>Act as the first point of contact in a timely manner to service issues and requests from Users&#183;</li><li>Respond to customer inquiries and assist in troubleshooting and resolving challenges&#183;</li><li>Ability to plan, organize, communicate well with users.&#183;</li><li>Have experience in IT Service Desk</li></ul><div><strong>Others</strong>:</div><ul><li>Web Management and scripting&#183;</li><li>Microsoft SharePoint knowledge will be an advantage&#183;</li><li>Familiar with NAS storage&#183;</li><li>Experience with IT asset management activities&#183;</li><li>Assist management in creating training materials pertaining to computer troubleshooting and usageInvolved in driving specific projects, IT and non-IT, as needed by the business</li></ul><div><br><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma in an IT or related discipline</li><li>At least 3-5 years of relevant job experience</li><li>Experienced in manufacturing environment with understanding of ERP systems</li><li>Knowledge in Epicor ERP Software will be advantage.</li><li>Knowledge in website management.</li><li>Bilingual fluent in English and Mandarin</li><li>Strong work ethics with can-do approach and attitude.</li><li>Ability to prioritize and manage several milestones and projects efficiently</li><li>Time-management skills and the ability to establish and meet deadlines</li><li>Professional written and interpersonal skills are essential when communicating with users</li><li>Experience installing and configuring computer systems and applications for a large company</li><li>A keen eye for detail</li><li>Good problem solving and critical thinking skills</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>CHawk Group of Companies</strong>&#160;was previously known as Ajax Technology and established in 2005 by a group of managers and technologists coming from plastic manufacturing industry. As a management owned company, CHawk focuses its management philosophy around five principles; global presence, advanced technology, operational Excellency, respect for human talent and management commitment to customer satisfaction.</p><p> <strong>CHawk Groups of Companies&#160;</strong>headquarter is located in the heart of Silicon Valley in San Francisco Bay area. With its fully owned subsidiary in Singapore (CTI Int'l (Singapore) Pte Ltd.), headquarter of Asia Pacific, China (CTI Int'l (Suzhou) Co., Ltd) and Malaysia (CTI Int'l (M) Sdn. Bhd. With our future facility expansion plan, CHawk Technology is bound to grow with its global and regional customers.</p><p> <strong>CHawk Group of Companies&#160;</strong>core competencies are in low to medium volume plastic components manufacturing and module assembly that serves equipment manufacturers in semiconductor, electronics medical, biomedical, solar, green energy, oil and gas, testing instruments and other industrial equipment.</p><p><strong>CHawk Group of Companies&#160;</strong>manufacturing processes include plastic thermoforming (vacuum forming, pressure forming and drape forming), fabrication, hot gas welding, fusion and diffusion bonding, contamination free and high precision CNC machining (2-5 Axis), and chemical delivery system assembly.</p><p><strong>Vision Statement</strong></p><p>&#8226; To become a world-class manufacturer enabling faster and more affordable technological advancements</p><p><strong>Mission Statement</strong></p><p>&#8226; To be the preferred global choice for Semiconductor, Healthcare, and Industrial product customers in component, and vertically integrated module manufacturing</p><p><strong>Core Values</strong></p><ul><li>Commitment to Customer Satisfaction</li><li>Operational Excellence</li><li>Innovative Technology</li><li>Transparent and Dependable</li><li>Respect for Human Talent</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/it-support-engineer-4603263?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4603263&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 