---
title: "Aimflex Systems Sdn Bhd Vacancies Project Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "Aimflex Systems Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Engineer which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Aimflex Systems Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><span>To assist Project Manager / Assistant Project Manager / Senior Project Engineer in coordinating the activities of the project to ensure schedule, document control and quality standards are met.</span></li><li><span>Develop project schedule, monitor and report project progress to customer, Sales &amp; Project Manager / Assistant Project Manager</span></li><li><span>Project resources planning.</span></li><li><span>Authorize project delivery</span></li><li><span>Organize project tasks.</span></li><li><span>Managing project risk and issues and make the decision that benefit to project.</span></li><li><span>Improve project costing.</span></li><li><span>Ensure completion of the project in a timely manner and within the budgetary limits.</span></li><li><span>Review, assess and evaluate execution of the project on a regular basis.</span></li><li><span>Assist and support team members in completing the project.</span></li><li><span>Lead to resolve issues arising in a project.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Continuous improvement, optimization and standardization of project flow</span></li><li><span>Attend project meeting for project update as well as update project status &amp; issue if any.</span></li><li><span>Resolve team conflict.</span></li><li><span>Handle other ad-hoc duties as assigned.</span></li><li><span>Responsible in office &amp; production 5S, safety &amp; health.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Essential skill and requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor Degree / Masters in E&amp;E / Mechanical / Mechatronics / Industrial Engineering / Project Management</li><li>At least 2 years&#8217;&#160;experience in E&amp;E/M&amp;E industry</li><li>Have a good understanding of manufacturing processes &#8211; sales process, project process, fabrication process, manufacturing process, purchasing process, shipment process etc.</li><li>Leadership, problem-solving, conflict management &amp; negotiation skills.</li><li>Project management skills.</li><li>Analytical skills</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Engineering - Electrical/Mechanical or equivalent</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>AIMFLEX is a public listed company on the ACE Market of Bursa Malaysia with primary activities in design, manufacturing and modification of specialised automation machines. We also provide maintenance &amp; technical support services for the manufactured machine.&#160;AIMFLEX operation governed by experienced key management team with strong technical expertise and are backed by industry-certified project managers and engineers. AIMFLEX comprises of a group of dedicated and specialized engineers who have in depth knowledge of test and manufacturing process as well as system design and integration. AIMFLEX in-house expertise and capability are able to assist manufacturer to improve efficiency of manufacturing and quality of product.&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-engineer-4592538?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592538&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 