---
title: "KE Knowledge Enhancement Academy Sdn Bhd Vacancies Finance Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "KE Knowledge Enhancement Academy Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Finance Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KE Knowledge Enhancement Academy Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Finance Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Job Description</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>&#160;Assisting the Finance Manager in handling all related account matters.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>&#160;Responsible for maintaining, update and monitoring the student school payment collection.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Responsible for invoicing and receivable payment, issuing receipt, payment voucher and Director &amp; staff claims.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Handling questions and email regarding school fee matters.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Monitor Petty Cash.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>To ensure proper filing system for the Account department.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>To assist in finance admin support activities.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Preparation of accounting documents for financial statements and Report Monthly</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Budget Preparation, implementation and review of budgets, works together with Finance Manager</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Responsible for submission of SST, Withholding tax, tax matter etc with government department.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Work closely with external accounting vendor for monthly accounting activities</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Liaison with accounting firm, auditor, tax agent, company secretaries, bankers and related parties</span></p><p><span>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any other ad-hoc tasks that assigned by the Company from time to time.&#160;</span></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Finance/Accountancy/Banking or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 3&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Familiar with Autocount software</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Finance - General/Cost Accounting or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KE Academy was birthed upon this vision that we can give a child the best head start possible by grooming Early Childhood Educators and Professionals to provide the best care and education to young children. KE Academy is proud to represent the Australia-International Institute of Workplace Training (AIWT) in Australia, Malaysia, and China for its courses.</p><p>Together with the various Colleges and Universities which AIWT represents in Malaysia and China, our belief in the importance of early education is expressed in our philosophy that the &#8220;NEXT GENERATION IS OUR CONCERN."&#160;This is why we focus on igniting the passion and deepening the knowledge and skills of Early Childhood Education Educators and Professionals.&#160;We actively partner with world-class organizations, thus enabling our students to learn from leading practices around the world. Moreover, our subsidiary Employment Agency companies will assist them to get&#160;guaranteed&#160;job placement in Singapore or Australia.</p><p>Vision:</p><p>To create an Institution that provides high quality Early Childhood Education and Care training for the region so that our next generation will be brought up with quality professional care.</p><p>Mission:</p><p>To raise the profile and professionalism of the Early Childhood Education and Care industry in the region by training and producing professional early childhood professionals&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/finance-executive-4603595?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4603595&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 