---
title: "Herlo Consultancy Sdn Bhd Vacancies Marketing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-24 
excerpt: "Herlo Consultancy Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Herlo Consultancy Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>High Pay, RM2500 to RM3000 + EPF + SOSCO + EIS</strong></p><p><strong>Your Benefits:</strong></p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Guarantee Annual Bonus</p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Attendance Bonus</p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Free Season Parking</p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Dental &amp; Eyewear Benefits</p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Team &amp; Company Gatherings</p><p>&#10004;&#65039;Peer to Peer Recognition Scheme</p><p><strong>Testimonial From Employee:</strong></p><p>&#8220;Enjoyable and a place for young people to grow&#8221; &#8211; from Sales Personnel</p><p>&#8220;Very driven and motivated environment&#8221; &#8211; from Customer Service Executive</p><p>&#8220;Not your typical company&#8221; &#8211; from Marketing Executive</p><p><strong>So what will you be doing?</strong></p><ul><li><span>Conduct market research and analyze data to identify the market and consumer behavior in order to assist the planning of marketing strategy&#160;</span></li><li><span>Coordinate marketing campaign and make sure deadlines are met and run accordingly as planned</span></li><li><span>Support the reporting for marketing result and execution progress</span></li><li><span>Make sure the expenses of campaign and marketing activities are according to the given budget</span></li></ul><p>We do have a few job requirements that we will love to be upfront with you,</p><ul><li><span>At least 1 year of experience in digital marketing or online marketing. To ensure you are able to understand and assist on the day-to-day task.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Marketing or relevant degree&#160;major</span></li><li><span>Required language(s): English and Mandarin in speaking, writing and reading&#160;</span></li><li><span>Proficient communicator &#8212; able to provide clear updates on the progress of campaigns and knowing how to illustrate issues and required actions for a coworker&#160;</span></li><li><span>Resourceful, able to work and manage different on-going tasks </span>independently<span> at the same time - Organized and attentive to details</span></li></ul><p>If you have read till now, and believe that the above describes you. What are you waiting for, your career is awaiting you!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Herlo Consultancy is a fast growing firm which provides business consultancy and support services for our Singapore clients.&#160;</p><p>We managed brands like PNSG, Tian Wei Signature &amp; PEM Confinement Nanny Agency, which are all leading brands in their field of work in Singapore. Since establishment, we have help multiple companies to grow from scratch to becoming multimillion dollars revenue organisation.</p><p>We are also proud to report a&#160;3 digit percentage growth year on year for the past 2 years.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-executive-4598930?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4598930&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 