---
title: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd Vacancies Steam Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Steam Engineer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Steam Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>Responsible to achieve good equipment reliability for supporting continuous plant operations with maximize production efficiency. Supervising LCTM or Contractors team during daily operation and planned shutdown activities. Plan preventive maintenance schedule, budget, and spare parts purchase for smooth and uninterrupted maintenance activities.&#160;</p><p>Responsible as the Steam Engineer and to take charge and lead for steam and boiler related issue and manage the Plant Maintenance and boiler activities with time efficiency and safety:</p><ul><li>Daily monitoring on the equipment condition especially for critical equipment.</li><li>To plan for maintenance work activities based on the preventive maintenance schedule, work order and maintenance request form issued by any related department.</li><li>Efficiently evaluate manpower requirement and duration of the job required.&#160;</li><li>Propose and purchase adequate spare parts for equipment based on the criticality of the equipment.</li><li>To take charge and lead the steam boiler operation as per according to the standard operating procedure (SOP) and DOSH standard (Factories and Machinery Act 1967, Steam Boiler and Unfired Pressure Vessel, Regulation 1970).</li><li>Develop human resources by providing opportunities to production staffs to improve supervisory, engineering and operational knowledge and skills.&#160;</li></ul><ol><li>Provide effective leadership and management skills to sustain continuous safe and stable operations.&#160;</li><li>Develop long-term plans to provide resources and opportunities for staff training and to support Training Development Programs for staffs.&#160;</li><li>Manage Safety and Environmental Control Policy for the Department. A member of Management team to oversee that Company's Policy and Plan are implemented and provide support to Develop Company's Quality Plan and SHE Policy.</li><li>Responsible to advice HOD/Plant Manager on plant conditions or take necessary countermeasures so as to maintain continuous safe and stable operations.</li><li>Develop and maintain good liaison with external parties such as UBE (process Licensors), government bodies such as DOSH, TNB, JBE, and within LOTTE Group of Companies.&#160;</li><li>Coordinate plant troubleshooting activities with other departments to ensure quick and effective plant/process turnaround.&#160;</li><li>Train, develop and supervise subordinate to achieve overall departmental improvement, efficiency and effectiveness.&#160;</li><li>Support, promote and participate in all Company related programs and action plans in relation to Integrated Management System (quality, environment, safety and health) and other programs which can lead to continual improvement, legal compliances, and improvement in staff competency / awareness.&#160;</li><li>Other job tasks assigned by Superiors within the job scopes / job specifications and related job tasks to comply with legal and other requirements which Company subscribes.&#160;</li><li>Adhere to safety rules and procedures. Encourage peer and team member to adopt the established safety code, practices and regulatory requirement.&#160;</li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree / Post Graduate Diploma / Professional Degree in Engineering Mechanical or Chemical or equivalent.</li><li><strong>Possess a Grade 2 Steam Engineering Certificate.&#160;</strong></li><li>Familiar with DOSH regulations and requirements.&#160;</li><li>Computer literate with good communication skills.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lotte Ube Synthetic Rubber Sdn. Bhd. is a new petrochemical company&#160;in Pasir Gudang (Tanjung Langsat Industrial Estate).&#160;We just started&#160;our commercial operation&#160;as the 1st manufacturer of Synthetic Rubber (butadiene rubber) in Malaysia.</p><p>The Company is a joint venture among the established multi-national corporations (i.e. Lotte Chemical Corporation of South Korea, Ube Industries Ltd. and Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan). The new plant in Pasir Gudang will have the capacity to produce 50,000 tons of Synthetic Rubber annually.</p><p>Synthetic Rubber is the best available substitute for natural rubber with very high demand from various downstream applications such as in tyres manufacturing industries, high impact polystyrene (HIPS), shoes, automotive and other related industries. Asia&#160;is the biggest market for Synthetic Rubber and its demand is expected continue growing in future.</p><p>Lotte Chemical Corporation with two butadiene plants in South Korea (Daesan and Yeosu) and Lotte Chemical Titan in Malaysia, is having an annual production capacity of 400,000 tonnes annually. Whilst Ube Industries Ltd maintain a global production of synthetic rubber &#160;via its existing plants in Japan, China and Thailand with overall annual capacity of 436,000 tonnes.</p><p>We are recruiting the best talent, ambitious, and dynamic individuals to be a part of our team.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/steam-engineer-4601915?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4601915&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 