---
title: "CXL Executive Sdn Bhd Vacancies Customer Service Agent - Johor Bahru (Immediate Hiring)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "CXL Executive Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service Agent - Johor Bahru (Immediate Hiring) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CXL Executive Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service Agent - Johor Bahru (Immediate Hiring)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position :</strong> Customer Service Agent - Johor Bahru<br><strong>Location : </strong>Skudai / Pasir Gudang<br><strong>Working Days : </strong>5 days per week (Monday - Saturday)<br><strong>Intake : </strong>Immediately (1st March 2021)<br><strong>Salary :</strong> RM1,500</div><div><strong>Job Description:</strong></div><ul><li>To process application in the system as per requested by customer.</li><li>To monitor &amp; track order status until complete.</li><li>To deliver sales target as per assigned by the company</li><li>To assist outlet manager / business development Manager in managing customer experience standards at sales event.</li><li>To assist outlet manager / business development manager in strategies &amp; plan for improvement of Sales</li><li>To implement &amp; comply to P&amp;P and SOP in order to improve customer experience and achieve the target</li><li>To assist outlet manager / business development manager to achieve KPI &amp; Performance specifically in sales target.</li><li>To work closely with Internal or external parties to materialise sales.</li><li>To support new initiatives initiate by Outlet Manager/Business Development Manager, State Head or Headquarters</li><li>Responsible to maintain a good brand image of company to the customer. The appearance of the employee and the vehicle operated by them should be pleasant and presentable at all time.</li><li>To ensure a safe driving habits and follow Malaysia&#8217;s National Road Safety regulations and standards without failed at any time operating. Shall be accountable to any wrong doings that incurred lost to the company.</li><li>To ensure vehicle in a good condition to be operated and shall be responsible to notify OM/BDM and Authorities Parties of any incident or loss occur.</li><li>Operates vehicle within Sales territory assigned by superior and location allow by existing law and PBT (pihak berkuasa tempatan)</li></ul><div><strong>Requirement :</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, any field.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to either work in selected location Miri / Sibu / Bintulu.</li><li>No work experience required. Fresh Graduate are welcome to apply.</li><li>10 Contract position(s) available.</li><li>Candidate must be able to work on weekend.</li><li>Malaysia citizens only. Age limit from 19 - 30 years old.</li><li>Working hours Monday - Friday - 8.30am - 5.30pm/ Sat - 9am - 3pm. Willing to work extra working hours, OT will be pay.</li></ul><div>**Interested candidate can apply online or whatsapp 011 - 3300 6459 (Ms Balqis)</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Established in the year 2010, CXL Executive aims to fill the gaps in our client's workforce to ensure optimum efficiency through automation and proper management of contract as well as temporary staffing. Today, we provide staffing needs to companies in various industries&#8212; e-commerce, financial institutions, manufacturing, media, logistics and more. With access to candidate networks locally and regionally, our holistic suite of services covers all phases of the HR lifecycle &#8212; from talent sourcing, candidate engagement, employee retention, employee experience and payroll outsourcing. To ensure that the most ideal resources are procured for your organisation, our recruitment processes and strategies are tailored to match each client's expansive range of HR needs.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-agent-johor-bahru-immediate-hiring-4488003?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4488003&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 