---
title: "Eden Flame Sdn Bhd Vacancies Human Resource Manager (Location Pasir Gudang, Johor)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-11 
excerpt: "Eden Flame Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resource Manager (Location Pasir Gudang, Johor) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Eden Flame Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resource Manager (Location Pasir Gudang, Johor)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Job Purpose :-</div><div>Responsible for planning,organizing,directing and controlling the related Human Resource activities relating to manpower, employee engagement, people development, compensation and benefits, occupational safety and health, security, employee services and communication through the provision of sound human resource policies, guideliness and business&#160; procesess.</div><div>Key Responsibilities :-</div><ul><li>Oversee the day to day operations of Human Resource, Security and Safety Department</li><li>Establish HR/Security/Safety Departmental measurements that support the accomplishment of the company strategic goals</li><li>Particpates in management, and company staff meetings and attends other meetings as requested by the top management</li><li>Monitor and advices managers and supervisors in the proressive discipline system of the company. Monitor the implementation of a performance improvement process with non-performing employees</li><li>Conduct inestigations when employee compalints or concern are brought forth</li><li>Manages the preparations and maintenance of such reports as are necessary to carry out the functions of the department. Prepares periodic reports for management, as necessary or requested, to track strategic goal accomplishment</li><li>Lead company compliance with all existing governmental and labour legal and government reporting requirements, eg worker compensation (PERKESO),HRDF,EPF,Income Tax the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and so forth. Maintains minimal company exposure to lawsuits</li><li>Direct the preparation of information requested or required for compliance with laws. Approves all information submitted. Serves as the primary contact with the company employement law attorney and outside government agencies</li><li>Protecs the interest of employees and the company in accordance with company Human Resource policies and governmental laws regulations. Minimize risk</li></ul><div>Job Requirements :-</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Human Resource Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 6 to 8 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Pasir Gudang.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Human Resources or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li><li>Able to converse in Mandarin is an added advantage</li><li>Posses own transport and willing to travel when need arise</li></ul><div>Competencies (Functional/Technical Skills) :-</div><ul><li>Proficiency in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Strong knowledge in Malaysia Employment Act,IR Act and other related legislations</li><li>Possess Leadership skills</li><li>Excellent Communication Skills</li><li>Team Player</li><li>Problem Solving</li><li>Attention to details with strong analytical skliis</li><li>Excellent in MS application</li><li>Multitasker and ability to deliver tasks within tight deadline</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Eden Flame Sdn Bhd, a member of The Lion Group, was acquired in 2002 from Johor Corporation Bhd, produces billets which are rolled into steel bars and light sections such as angle bars, flat bars and U-channels.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resource-manager-location-pasir-gudang-johor-4533852?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4533852&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 