---
title: "Grownce Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Digital Marketing Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "Grownce Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Digital Marketing Executive which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Grownce Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Digital Marketing Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are currently looking for a dedicated and passionate&#160;<strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Digital Marketing Executive&#160;</strong>to join our team. You will be responsible for all aspects of our online marketing operations. Your central goal is to help grow our company &amp; product brand&#8217;s influence locally including planning, implementing, and monitoring our digital marketing campaigns across all digital networks. Our ideal candidate is someone with experience in marketing, art direction, and social media management.</p><p><strong>What is your role about?</strong></p><ul><li>Planning, implementing, manage &amp; monitor digital marketing strategies across several platforms such as Google, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn &amp; Etc.</li><li>Manage the creation of relevant and engaging digital contents (Posters, Video &amp; Articles) for publishing onto various digital platforms based on market &amp; business direction.</li><li>Source for social media live campaign speakers, social media influencers as well as merchants to build up company digital branding.</li><li>Drive traffic to company page &amp; social media platforms</li><li>Reply inquiries and sustain relationship &amp; positive engagement with our online community.</li><li>Able to perform all Facebook Live</li><li>Analyze digital marketing analytics reports and share insights with the team to develop optimization plans</li></ul><p><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></p><ul><li>Possess a Degree in Marketing, Public Relation, Digital Marketing, Advertising/Media or relevant courses</li><li>At least&#160;2-3&#160;Year(s) of working experience&#160;in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Strong written and verbal communication skills in both Mandarin and English</li><li>Required skill(s): Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Photo &amp; Video Shooting and Editing.</li><li>Able to resolve /provide solution under minimum supervision/ assistance</li><li>Advanced user in social media platforms, e.g. Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, Google &amp; etc.</li><li>Experience in managing social media platform, copywriting &amp; facebook live.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are&#160;GUINNESS WORLD RECORD&#160;holder for (Largest Music Lesson) and also&#160;holder for 2 Malaysia Book of Records&#160;(Largest Participation of Children In An Ukulele Lesson &amp;&#160;Largest Participation of Children In An Ukulele Performance). In 2018, we had been awarded IEBC Top 10 Trusted Brand Awards</p><p>Grownce is one of the company that working closely with Malaysia schools &amp; kindergartens to support their educational solution needs. We exclusively provide outstanding range of proven innovative digital solutions which help teachers to teach and learners to learn. Our professionals are enthusiastic to transform classrooms into fun and effective learning spaces with proven storyboard &amp; game-based learning model thereby making interactive digital learning work for students and teachers!</p><p>We are proud to provide the kind of classroom solutions for learning institution to deliver inspiring, engaging &amp; fun learning.&#160;There is no duty more important than helping Malaysia students learn, grow and become contributing citizens. Grownce is a trusted advisor and valued partner the first choice for education.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-digital-marketing-executive-4587052?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4587052&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 