---
title: "Foxconn Technology Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Process Engineer (Based in Indahpura, Kulai)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-22 
excerpt: "Foxconn Technology Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Engineer (Based in Indahpura, Kulai) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Foxconn Technology Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Engineer (Based in Indahpura, Kulai)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and manage a team towards ensuring all highly automated production equipment are in<br>optimal condition and develop the necessary technical competencies and equipment<br>capabilities to meet operational performance targets within the approved maintenance budget.</li><li>Establish plans and strategies to meet and surpass manufacturing performance indices (eg<br>Downtime, MTTR, MTBF, etc), set targets/goals and projects for the section to minimize scrap<br>asset cost per unit.</li><li>Manage preventive maintenance and calibration. Ensure all equipment performance is<br>monitored and recorded for continuous improvement and reliability.</li><li>Provide guidance and training to the team in order to enhance the effectiveness of trouble<br>shooting and knowledge sharing.</li><li>Ensure smooth startup of new equipment together with equipment vendors.</li><li>Establish all equipment specifications, troubleshooting and PM procedures and ensure their<br>compliance with corporate &amp; regulatory requirements and procedures</li><li>Liaise with equipment vendors and spare parts suppliers continuously to develop new methods<br>to achieve low cost maintenance system and cost excellence</li><li>Manage equipment servicing contracts with suppliers</li><li>Lead and drive the team to participate in all continuous improvement projects related to cost,<br>quality, utilization &amp; productivity using Six-Sigma or similar applicable methodology such as<br>Cpk, FMEA, TPM, Lean, etc</li><li>Able to analyze and troubleshoot highly automated machines with detailed understanding of<br>equipment, material and process interactions</li><li>Support production stabilization projects to achieve robust manufacturing</li><li>To work with internal and external partners &amp; institutes for collaborative analysis</li><li>Contribute to technical community knowledge sharing and innovative ideas</li><li>Systematic use of methods (e.g. 8D, DOE, FMEA, SPC, Fishbone Diagram, Trend Chart and<br>etc) and tools to enhance results interpretation, including proper documentation</li><li>Any other reasonable task assigned by superior or management</li></ul></div><div><strong>REQUIREMENT</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in any Mechanical/Mechatronics/Industrial/Electrical/Electronic Engineering or similar.</li><li>Minimum 2 years working experience in manufacturing will be an added advantage</li><li>Strong knowledge of mechanical, pneumatic and electrical systems</li><li>Inkjet knowledge (advantage)</li><li>Experience with AB servo motors, AB drive, pneumatics, AB PLC, Omron<br>PLC, Epson Robot, island view, panel view software (advantage)</li><li>Strong problem-solving &amp; analytical skills with good knowledge in Cpk &amp;<br>statistics by using engineering tools.</li><li>Good leadership/presentation/communication/team building skills.</li><li>Self-motivated, hands on and good team player</li><li>Ability to work under pressure</li><li>Demonstrates discipline in timely execution of tasks</li><li>Demonstrates flexibility/adaptability to frequent changes</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	FOXCONN is the registered trade name of Hon Hai Precision Industry Company Ltd., the foremost provider of joint-design, joint-development, manufacturing, and assembly and after-sales services to global Computer, Communication and Consumer - electronics ("3C") leaders.</div>
<div>
	We are&#160;the worlds largest electronic manufacturing services, serving some of the&#160;well known consumer brands in the world. We are listed&#160;in the&#160;top 50 of&#160;Fortune&#160;500 Global&#160;company Our highly automated operations at the plant in Kulai, Johor&#160;are expanding and we are seeking for&#160;suitable candidates to apply for the vacancy advertised.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-engineer-based-in-indahpura-kulai-4513631?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4513631&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 