---
title: "Ginmit Trading Sdn Bhd Vacancies Purchase Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-24 
excerpt: "Ginmit Trading Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Purchase Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ginmit Trading Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Purchase Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Ensure competent quality execution of all regular purchasing duties and administrative works.</li><li>Maintain complete updated purchasing records/data and pricing in the system.</li><li>Execution and monitoring of all regular purchasing duties.</li><li>Coordinate with user departments and suppliers in the purchasing scope of work for projects assigned.</li><li>Assist in managing and following up overseas orders.</li><li>Handling and monitoring of claims to factories and vendors for defectives, shortage, missing parts.</li><li>Coordinate with suppliers to ensure on-time delivery.</li><li>Responsible for the preparation and process purchase orders and documents in accordance with company policies and procedures.</li><li>Monitor&#160;and&#160;co-ordinate&#160;deliveries&#160;of&#160;items&#160;between&#160;suppliers&#160;to&#160;ensure&#160;that&#160;all&#160;items&#160;are&#160;delivered&#160;to site/store on time.</li><li>Negotiate for best purchasing package (in terms of quality, price, term, delivery and service) with suppliers and sub-contractors assigned.</li><li>Plan and manage inventory levels of materials or products.</li><li>Source for new parts, suppliers or sub-contractors when the need arises.</li><li>Monitor and co-ordinate deliveries of items between suppliers (local and overseas).</li></ul><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Commerce or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Mandarin,&#160;</li><li>Must be able to write in Mandarin.</li><li>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Negotiation Skills, Microsoft Office</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Purchasing/Inventory/Material &amp; Warehouse Management or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Ginmit is synonymous with supplying international brands for furniture, home d&#233;cor accessories and hardware. With over 34 years of international sourcing experience, Ginmit is known to be one of the leading manufacturer, importer, exporter, wholesaler in Malaysia for quality accessories with an extensive distribution network. Sole Distributorship of well known furniture fitting brands like FGV, Menage Confort,&#160;Pessotto and&#160;OMAG.&#160;</p><p>Through our founder&#8217;s vision in 1992, Ginmit diversified its operations into manufacturing items that they have been supplying trading to meet their discerning customer&#8217;s need for custom-made accessories.</p><p>In line with progress and growth as our main goal, the company continues to expand with acquisitions of factories and setting up manufacturing facilities. In spring 2005, our management took a bold step forward to re-focus our company goals and took on a new challenge to manufacture for more diversified industries with our increased facilities and capacities.</p><p>Today, Ginmit has grown to a full fledge Group of Companies with nationwide retail and sales network, backed by 60,000 square feet of production facility and supported by over 200 strong workface.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/purchase-executive-4545055?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545055&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 