---
title: "COACH MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Seasonal Sales Assistant, Coach (Multiple Locations)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "COACH MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Seasonal Sales Assistant, Coach (Multiple Locations) which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Kuching" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Kuching] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>COACH MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Seasonal Sales Assistant, Coach (Multiple Locations)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Coach was founded in 1941 as a family-run workshop, and today is a leading New York design house of modern luxury accessories and lifestyle collections. We attribute the prominence of the Coach brand to the unique combination of our original American attitude and design, our heritage of fine leather goods and custom fabrics, our superior product quality, and our commitment to the customer experience.&#160;</div><div>At Coach, we bring together strong, collaborative people in a culture of mutual respect, support, accountability, and passion for the brand and product. Our goal is to offer an inspirational and modern workplace that allows for exceptional talent to thrive.</div></div><div><strong>Primary Purpose:</strong></div><div><br>This position will provide inventory management analysis and support Store Manager to manage and housekeep the stock room efficiently. The successful applicant may be required to support sales &amp; provide service to walk in customers.</div><div>We are currently hiring in multiple locations to support upcoming clearance season (May - August 2021). There are available positions in the following outlets:</div><ul><li>Pavilion</li><li>The Gardens</li><li>Sunway Pyramid</li><li>KLCC</li><li>Johor Southkey Mall&#160;</li><li>Sabah Imago KK&#160;</li><li>Sarawak the Spring&#160;</li><li>Penang Queensbay&#160;</li><li>Penang Gurney Plaza</li></ul><div>Please indicate your preferred location in your job application.</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>A. Inventory Management</div><ul><li>Perform inventory control by ensuring timely and accurate scanning in of all shipments and complete inventory process</li><li>Coordinate and partner with Logistics department to update store management on shipment status (in terms of shipments arrival, changes to schedule, contents and damages)</li><li>Perform daily tallying and restocking of merchandise</li><li>Responsible for merchandise movement, receiving and out-going of merchandise (store to store transfer). This also includes handling damage inventory with both logistics and merchandising department</li><li>Render swift support to the store team by securing merchandise quickly and accurately for selling</li></ul><div>B. Stock Room Efficiency &amp; Maintenance</div><ul><li>Housekeeping, store maintenance and organization of stock room</li><li>Organize and perform housekeeping of the stock room in accordance to Coach&#8217;s back of house standards to ensure ease of merchandise retrieval and adherence to safety standards</li><li>Optimize stock room capacity to maximize storage</li><li>Enforce maintenance &amp; housekeeping standards are adhered to at all times</li></ul><div>C. Stock Analysis</div><ul><li>Flag out best sellers or slow movers to Store Manager</li><li>Provide basic inventory analysis</li></ul><div>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified</div><div>Coach is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we pride ourselves on hiring and developing the best people. All employment decisions (including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, discipline and termination) are based on the applicant&#8217;s or employee&#8217;s qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration. These decisions are made without regard to age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. Visit Coach at www.coach.com.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Coach is a leading design house of modern luxury accessories and lifestyle collections, with a long-standing reputation built on quality craftsmanship. Defined by a free-spirited, all-American attitude, the brand approaches design with a modern vision, reimagining luxury for today with an authenticity and innovation that is uniquely Coach. All over the world, the Coach name is synonymous with effortless New York style.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Penang, Kuching. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/seasonal-sales-assistant-coach-multiple-locations-4540726?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4540726&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 