---
title: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Production Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Production Assistant Manager which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Outspan Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Production Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Establish clear measurable goals and objectives by which to determine individual and team results (i.e. operational metrics, results against project timelines, training documentation, attendance records, knowledge of operational roles and responsibilities, personal development goals).</li><li>Ensuring that the production is cost effective by offering new ideas and suggestions for improvement.</li><li>Identify and implement new practices and processes that are &#8220;best in field.&#8221;</li><li>Making sure that products are produced on time and are of good quality;</li><li>Oversee process engineering related activities 'hand-on' the role of Process Engineer whenever required.</li><li>Assess the adequacy of data gathering methods utilized by the departments.</li><li>Assure that procedures and work instructions are efficient and not redundant.</li><li>Monitoring the production processes and adjusting schedules as needed;</li><li>Being responsible for the selection and maintenance of equipment;</li><li>Monitoring product standards and implementing quality-control programs;</li><li>Liaising among different departments, e.g. suppliers, managers;</li><li>Working with managers to implement the company's policies and goals;</li><li>Identify individual and team strengths and development needs on an ongoing basis.</li><li>Create and/or validate training curriculum in area of responsibility.</li><li>Coach and mentor the team to&#160;deliver excellence to every internal and external customer.</li><li>Adhere to all safety and health rules and regulations, company policies and procedures associated with this position.</li><li>Ensure safety, 5S, and Good Manufacturing Practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement :</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Engineering (Bioengineering/Biomedical), BioTechnology, Chemistry, Food Technology/Nutrition or equivalent.</li><li>Preferably candidates with Managerial experience in Food Manufacturing for more than 5 year.</li><li>Proven track record of successful change management accomplishments, implementing and management continuous productivity and cost reduction programs.</li><li>Strong and convincing communication skills.</li></ul><p><strong>Required Skill(s):</strong></p><ul><li>Direct experience in Dry Blending and Spray Dryer are added advantages.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Olam International is a leading global integrated supply chain manager and processor of agricultural products and food ingredients, supplying various products across 16 platforms in 65 countries.</p><p>At Olam, we continue to hire, engage, develop and retain both leaders and a diverse high-quality workforce, providing both with an inclusive work environment. Our employees worldwide work alongside many unique individuals &#8211; entrepreneurs, technical specialists, suppliers, customers, government stakeholders &#8211; all doing their best to achieve mutual success.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/production-assistant-manager-4602471?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4602471&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 