---
title: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd Vacancies Qa Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-05 
excerpt: "Kiswel Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Qa Engineer which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kiswel Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Qa Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Work scope</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Carry out quality inspections in the factory using measuring instruments such as micrometer,</div><div>&#160; &#160;vernier calipers, microscope, titration, etc.<br>&#8226; Review quality report and analysis report submitted by QA Inspector &amp; Welding Engineer.<br>&#8226; Collect and analyse quality data using statistical method.<br>&#8226; Report any quality issue on daily basic to QA Manager.<br>&#8226; Perform chemical analysis and mechanical test using equipment such as Spark OES,</div><div>&#160; Universal Tensile Tester, Charpy Impact Tester, etc.<br>&#8226; Non-conformity investigation, issue non-conformance report &amp; follow-up for the corrective action implementation.<br>&#8226; Work with Production Engineer in resolving quality issues &amp; monitor effectiveness of newly implemented</div><div>&#160; corrective actions or programme.<br>&#8226; Identify quality assurance process bottleneck and suggest actions for improvement.<br>&#8226; Attend meetings &amp; being the spokesman for QA Dept.<br>&#8226; Quality Management System (QMS) team member &amp; execute assigned roles &amp; responsibilities.<br>&#8226; Customer complain investigations &amp; writing analysis reports.<br>&#8226; Co-ordinate QA/QC activities in the factory.<br>&#8226; Provide briefing or training to the work force on quality improvement topics.<br>&#8226; Arrange for various product approval programme.</div><div><strong>Skills Required</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Good communication skills &amp; a team player with good ability working with other people<br>&#8226; Computer literacy, familiar with Microsoft office such as Excel, Word &amp; Power Point.<br>&#8226; Conversant with both Bahasa Malaysia &amp; English.<br>&#8226; Report writing in English.<br>&#8226; Good in use of principal of statistics, mathematics for analysis and troubleshooting.<br>&#8226; Experience or with knowledge of quality control systems or principals will be an added advantage.<br>&#8226; Good analytical skills, able to see problems &amp; recommend sound solutions.<br>&#8226; Good time-management skills.<br>&#8226; Ability to read &amp; comply to departmental procedures, processes and work instructions.<br>&#8226; Keen on continuous improvement</div><div><strong>Physical &amp; Medical Requirements</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Physically fit, agile and able to work in a manufacturing environment.<br>&#8226; Possesses good eyesight with or without spectacles.<br>&#8226; Effective visual, aural, oral, tactile &amp; ambulatory abilities.<br>&#8226; Medically fit without major health issues or chronic diseases.</div><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><div>&#8226; Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree,</div><div>&#160; Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Engineering (Chemical), Engineering (Industrial) or equivalent.<br>&#8226; Required skill(s): MS Office.<br>&#8226; Required language(s): English, Malay.&#160;<br>&#8226; At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.<br>&#8226; Preferably Non-Executives or entry-level specializing in Quality Control/Assurance or equivalent.</div><div>&#8226; Full time is available</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	In the past 30 years, KISWEL LTD has forced its business as a manufacturer of welding consumables. We endeavored to develop and advance the foundation of the national welding consumables industry through localization. KISWEL SDN BHD located at Pasir Gudang, Johor was established in the year of 1997, with an advanced cutting-edge equipment and integrated automatic systems to maximize the manufacturing process and to meet the demanding quality requirements. Today, one can find KISWEL's "Elephant Brand" welding consumables in more than 90 countries in the world. KISWEL will always remember its founding principles of creativity, fortitude, confidence and compassion to strive for the future with a frontier's spirit of exploring the break of the new millennium. If you have the spirit &amp; looking for excellent career advancement opportunities, we would like to hear from you.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-engineer-4498570?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4498570&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 