---
title: "JIN YE YE SDN BHD Vacancies Suppy Chain Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-07 
excerpt: "JIN YE YE SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Suppy Chain Manager which based in Puchong, Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Puchong, Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JIN YE YE SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Suppy Chain Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are looking for an experienced supply chain manager to&#160;ensure our supply chain and logistics operations function properly.&#160;Him/her</strong><strong> main responsibilities include</strong></p><ul><li>The implementation and evaluation of all supply chain logistics activities and procedures, including, production planning, inventory control, outsourcing, and distribution.</li><li>Keep detailed records, generate reports, and develop presentations to the management.</li><li>Build relationships within the company and with external parties, such as third party logistics team or distributors.</li><li>Read and comprehend legal documents, such as contracts or import/export agreements.</li><li>Collaborate with others department from diverse backgrounds in order to identify problems and find solutions.</li></ul><p><strong>BENEFITS:</strong></p><ul><li>Transport Allowances</li><li>Travelling Allowances</li><li>Seminar / Training Subsidy</li><li>Seminar / Training Leave</li><li>Performance Bonus</li><li>Yearly salary increment based on performance&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE:</strong></p><ul><li>You will need 5 years experience in business management, supply chain management, or related field.</li><li>Ability to manage logistics of all aspects of supply chain, from product development to the shipment of finished items.</li><li>Strong communication skills and the desire to build lasting relationships with people all over the world.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Jin Ye Ye&#160;is the sister company of JYNNS. Jin Ye Ye was established in 2008, and was successfully transformed into a professional hamper and gift provider in the market. Today, Jin Ye Ye is one of the leading hamper and gift providers in Malaysia. During peak season, it has more than 80 promotional counters across peninsular Malaysia.</p><p>Jin Ye Ye has gained significant recognition among Malaysian Chinese in recent years, special tribute to our late brand ambassador Datuk Lai Meng, her series of commercial on broadcasting station were a huge success. In year 2018, we are honoured to have Nancy Sit, an international celebrity as our spokesperson, her impact within Chinese communities has brought Jin Ye Ye brand to another level.</p><p>Jin Ye Ye has made great efforts to break through the traditional hamper stereotypes by launching extraordinary products that stand out in the market. For Jin Ye Ye, gift-giving is something that relates to creativity and not dullness. By promoting the culture of gifting, we hope to spread the warmth of Chinese New Year to more people out there, sharing the joy and happiness of this cheerful atmosphere and reminding them as a part of culture that needed to be passed down over centuries.</p><p>Another milestone we have achieved is the expansion of the company in traditional wellness. With a humble mission to bring the best solution for public healthcare, Jin Ye Ye has successfully developed&#160;our own line of products, a new wellness brand -JYNNS&#160;we have worked on which we are proud to introduce to the public. We are truly grateful towards the overwhelming support received along the journey. In return, we are gradually expanding our business in retail around Malaysia, with a goal to serve our customers better.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Puchong, Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/suppy-chain-manager-4584024?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4584024&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 