---
title: "Smiths Detection Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Program Sourcing Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "Smiths Detection Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Program Sourcing Specialist which based in Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Smiths Detection Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Program Sourcing Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Smiths Detection is a global leader in threat detection and screening technologies for aviation, ports and borders, urban security and&#160;defense. With more than 40 years of field-tested experience, we deliver the solutions needed to protect society from the threat and illegal passage of explosives, prohibited weapons, contraband, toxic chemicals and narcotics. Every minute of every day our technology and our people make the world a safer place. Smiths Detection is part of Smiths Group, a global leader in applying advanced technologies to markets in threat as well as contraband detection, energy, medical devices, communications and engineered components. Smiths Group employs around 23,000 people in more than 50 countries.</span></p><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p>The Program Sourcing Specialist will be responsible for Program sourcing activity of the business in the APAC region.&#160;List of Programs country to be supported:</p><ul><li>South East Asia</li><li>Hong Kong</li><li>Japan</li><li>South Korea</li><li>Australia</li><li>New Zealand</li><li>Middle East</li></ul><p><strong>Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Responsible for the sourcing of materials, equipment and services to support multiple Program in Asia Pacific region.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;To work with stakeholders to improve the procurement process to attain the maximum value for the company.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Develop and drive Program sourcing strategy to support regional growth, profitability, cash flow and improvement through continuous improvement initiatives.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Ensures that the sourcing process is in adherence to company requirement and policies for successful delivery of Program requirements.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Oversees all Procurement activities associated with the effective sourcing in accordance to the Program, schedules, specifications, and budgets.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;To work with the Program Manager to develop effective sourcing plan and identify deliverables for each Program.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;On time execution of Program RFQ&#8217;s, prepare commercial evaluations, suppliers&#8217; selection and award recommendation.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Develop and maintain Supplier Relationship Management for the responsible portfolio to synergize the supplier base.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Manage the evaluation of critical vendor performance on continuous basis with the Program team.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Be familiar with international trade compliance, tariff, and local regulations.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Work collaboratively with Indirect Category Manager for category managed at the Group Level &#8211; e.g. Freight.</p><p>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</p><p>We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, national origin, economic status, disability, age, or any other legally protected characteristics. We are proud to be an inclusive company with values grounded in equality and ethics, where we celebrate, support, and embrace diversity.</p><p><strong>The Individual</strong></p><p><strong>Technical Knowledge and Skills:</strong></p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain/Engineering with&#160;4 - 5 years of related experience in managing simultaneous Program Procurement over a variety of category.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Strong Knowledge of Project procurement practices, costs structures and strong negotiations skills.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Ability to interact effectively with various levels of management is required.&#160;</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Outstanding presentation, facilitation skills plus effective listening skills, high energy and engaging.</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Proficient with MS Excel, Word, and PowerPoint</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Experience with SAP or similar ERP System</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Strong knowledge of the industry and market conditions</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Independent and problem solver</p><p>&#8226;&#160;&#160;Open to different cultures and be culturally sensitive</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>A world-leading designer and manufacturer of sensors that detect and identify explosives, narcotics, weapons, chemical agents, biohazards, nuclear &amp; redioactive material and contraband.<br>
<br>
Strengths<br>
- Market leader with a global presense<br>
- Strong technology positions and excellent product engineering skills<br>
- Access to growth markets<br>
- Investment in R&amp;D increasing to support customer requirement</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/program-sourcing-specialist-8630213/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8630213&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 