---
title: "Cezars Kitchen Sdn Bhd Vacancies Pastry Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-02 
excerpt: "Cezars Kitchen Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pastry Executive which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cezars Kitchen Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pastry Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Cezars Kitchen is seeking a qualified Pastry Executive to join one of our kitchen in Nusajaya, Johor. Our kitchens (accounts) are located insides schools, universities, and office buildings. Therefore, the perfect candidate will play an important role of supporting the life blood his/her community. Our customers rely on us to energize them and give them the strength to be successful at work or at school. This is no easy feat, as we are always striving to improve the atmosphere, menu and overall service in our kitchens. We're not your typical food service company; our philosophy is focused on creating food that is alive with enjoyable flavors. Our communities are often made up of local and international people from all over the world with different pallets. We never rest and are always sourcing the most authentic foods and creating popular recipes.<br><br>Individuals who meet the following expectations will be contacted for an interview:<br><br>Passion for foodAt least 2- 4 years of leadership experienced in bakingCan bake a wide range of dishes, from breads, pastry, cakes and other desserts.Positive and inviting attitudeCan work flexible working hours Main focus is baking. Be in charge of fresh baking program.Enjoy working around children and adultsSelf-motivated and can work with the teamGeneral kitchen duties (prep to cleaning) For the right individual, he/she will find this career very rewarding and challenging. Thank you for your consideration and we look forward to meeting you soon.<br><br>Bon Appetit!<br><br>COMPANY<ul><li>Food and beverage service activities</li><li>50-250 employees</li><li>Petaling Jaya</li><li>Leading &amp; Growing Food Service Provider. We have more than 20 years&#8217; experience in serving a healthy &amp; delicious food.</li><li>Started back in 1996 in Nagoya, Japan, Cezars Kitchen has grown through word of mouth in the International School community. The Cezars brand is widely known and respected as a leader in food service in the international community. We pride ourselves on treating our guests with outstanding customer care while serving the best possible products and services available.</li><li>In 2014, we spread our wings to Malaysia, a multi-cultured country, establishing a base operation in Kuala Lumpur and now manage the food service for several international schools across Klang Valley. Our daily meals are made fresh onsite and our kitchens are free from pork, MSG-free and peanut-free in all our cooking.</li><li>Mission-Cezars Kitchen strives to exceed customer expectations with great tasting, nutritious food made with love and served with a smile every day!</li><li>Goal-Our Six Key Ingredients always remain at the core and heart of each and every single menu that we create. These are:</li><li>1. Culinary Mission Statement.</li><li>2. Made with Love.</li><li>3. Focus on Fresh Baked.</li><li>4. Focus on Raw Ingredients.</li><li>5. Focus on Regional and Seasonal Products.</li><li>6. Nutritionally Sound.</li></ul><br><ul><li>Passion for food</li><li>At least 2- 4 years of leadership experienced in baking</li><li>Can bake a wide range of dishes, from breads,&#160;pastry, cakes and other desserts.</li><li>Positive and inviting attitude</li><li>Can work flexible working hours&#160;</li><li>Main focus is baking.&#160;Be in charge of fresh baking program.</li><li>Enjoy working around children and adults</li><li>Self-motivated and can work with the team</li><li>General kitchen duties (prep to cleaning)</li></ul><br><br></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Cezars Kitchen specializes in two areas:</div>
<ul>
<li>Providing &#160;high-end kitchen and dining room designs for the food service industry. We currently serve clients throughout Asia. Our design team works as liaison between client, building architect, other consultants and construction company for food service zoned areas on building projects.</li>
<li>Providing high end food services throughout Asia.</li>
</ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pastry-executive-4455135?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455135&sectionRank=11&token=0~b6987222-f6c2-4010-8d5c-860f3e28feaa&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 