---
title: "Team BJ Design & Contracts Sdn Bhd Vacancies Interior Design Project Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Team BJ Design & Contracts Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Interior Design Project Executive which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Team BJ Design & Contracts Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Interior Design Project Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Interior Design/Architecture/Project Construction Management</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, English</li><li><strong>At least&#160;5 years&#160;of working experience</strong> in the interior design &amp; renovation industry</li><li>Preferably&#160;<strong>Site Supervisors specializing in&#160;Interior Design industry</strong></li><li><strong>Independent</strong> and <strong>Self-Motivated</strong></li><li><strong>Efficient in calculating raw materials and cost savings</strong></li><li>Able to work <strong>Over-Time</strong> and <strong>Weekends</strong> to get work completed</li><li>Possess strong sense of <strong>Responsibility</strong> and <strong>Accountability</strong></li><li>Possess good values e.g. <strong>Honesty </strong>and<strong> Integrity</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p><ul><li>Detailed and meticulous in quality assessment of site works by sub-contractors.</li><li>Responsible for daily site coordination and workers schedule.</li><li>Liaise and attend meeting with clients, sub-contractor and relevant authorities.</li><li>Execute all works in a orderly, efficient and effective manner.</li><li>Preparation of daily site report for weekly site meetings with relevant departments.</li><li>To ensures all changes to specifications, work scope and drawings are documented.</li><li>To ensure information recorded in both electronic and hard copy.</li><li>To handle progress claims, site valuation &amp; variation orders.</li><li>Prepare project schedules, progress report &amp; handover reports.</li><li>To ensure projects are done within accepted time frame and acceptable quality standards&#160;</li><li>To ensure projects perform site marking and inspection with contractor to identify the works according to approved layout plan</li><li>Determine needed resources (manpower, equipment and materials) from the start to finish follow the given budget.&#160;</li><li>To keep track of existing stock in hand for renovation and outlet material</li><li>Ensure all completion milestone are achieved, obtain customer sign off and acceptance certification.&#160;</li><li>Strong communication and reporting skills.</li><li>Able to comprehend furniture, floor, lighting, ceiling layout plans &amp; furniture detail drawings.</li><li>Knowledgeable in wet works, plumbing works and carpentry works.</li></ul><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><ul><li>EPF &amp; SOCSO</li><li>Project Incentive Scheme</li><li>Bonus</li><li>Performance Bonus</li><li>Medical</li><li>Company Trip</li><li>Training and Development</li></ul><p><strong>Note: Kindly state your expected salary in your resume.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>With many exciting projects ahead, we are currently a growing team urgently recruiting creative individuals. We are a vibrant and dynamic work team, which has been in the interior design &amp; construction industry established since 1990. We seek to always be forefront in trends &amp; design, always looking for great design exposures. If you are a passionate individual seeking to shine, we want YOU!</p><p>For more details, please&#160;visit&#160;our official website at www.teambjdesign.com.my</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/interior-design-project-executive-4487305?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487305&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 