---
title: "Samwoo Chemicals Ltd Vacancies QA Specialist / Engineer (Based in Kulai)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-05 
excerpt: "Samwoo Chemicals Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QA Specialist / Engineer (Based in Kulai) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Samwoo Chemicals Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QA Specialist / Engineer (Based in Kulai)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li>To organize and administer the functions of the QA Department.</li><li>To ensure complete implementation of ISO9001 Quality System in accordance with the Quality Manual.</li><li>To train and supervise direct subordinates in the QA Department.</li><li>To provide support to production, sales and other departments in all aspect of quality assurance.&#160;&#160;</li><li>To manage and support customer audit and fulfill it's requirements.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Scope</strong></p><ul><li><span>Responsible for quality assurance activities and documentation to meet ISO &amp; regulatory requirements.</span></li><li>Keeps Quality Manual updated and its circulation under strict security.</li><li><span>Support overall site Quality Management System through metrics, auditing and so on.</span></li><li>Responsible for developing and implementing process strategies.</li><li><span>Evaluate customer quality standards, tolerances, measurement benchmarks, and measurement fixture requirements.</span></li><li>To handle and coordinate customer audit.</li><li>Provide customer services in term of quality assurance and maintain good customer relations.</li><li><span>Handle customer complaints and ensure complaints are well addressed: Document root cause, permanent corrective action, and preventive action in the Non-Conforming report.</span></li><li>Provide summary of monthly departmental reports for Management Review.</li><li>Provide training and assist internal department on quality, environment concerns and implementation action.</li><li><span>To perform ad-hoc tasks assigned by superior.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma or higher in Bachelor's Degree of Chemistry, Industrial Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or equivalent.</li><li>Required skill(s): MS Excel, MS Office, MS PowerPoint, MS Word and Computer Literate.&#160;</li><li>At least 1-2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</li><li>Preferably with working experience or willing to work in manufacturing environment.&#160;</li><li>However, fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>SAMWOO CHEMICALS LTD. was established in 1969 in Hong Kong specializing in colorant and masterbatch products. We also offer a wide range of other products including PVC compound, thermoplastic elastomer, engineering plastic and various types of paints and inks. Samwoo Chemicals earned a solid reputation as a leading chemicals manufacturer in Southern China. Our advanced production facilities and technical support team are stationed in Hong Kong, Dongguan, Shanghai and Vietnam. Our philosophy is to nurture good talents and enable them to build a long term career with the organization.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>In line with our ambitious new&#160;plant development in Malaysia, Johor. We are now seeking qualified and experienced candidates for full time&#160;operating in our Branch offices in Malaysia. If you&#160;have the skills, talent and dedication that we are&#160;looking for, seek us out:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qa-specialist-engineer-based-in-kulai-4525648?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4525648&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 