---
title: "DECATHLON LOGISTIC MALAYSIA SDN BHD Vacancies SAFETY EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-05 
excerpt: "DECATHLON LOGISTIC MALAYSIA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SAFETY EXECUTIVE which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DECATHLON LOGISTIC MALAYSIA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SAFETY EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DUTIES</strong></p><ul><li>Develop competencies and skills of all &#8220;Operations Team&#8221; to improve the performance of operations, equipment maintenance, and safety standards compliance.</li><li>Ensure all regulatory standards (health, safety and environmental) are followed.</li><li>Develop and/or Improve Safety and Security Related SOPs and ensure implementation.</li><li>Plan and coordinate follow-up meetings with our Service Providers (Maintenance, Safety, Cleaning, and Monitoring).</li><li>Lead the &#8220;Safety Relays Team&#8221; Structure on all processes overseen by the team.</li><li>Source quotation and liaises with supplier, vendors and contractors for maintenance and improvement works.</li><li>Supervise term contractors and technicians in the maintenance of facilities to accomplish maintenance program schedule to achieve operational efficiency.</li><li>Provide feedback and give suggestions to improve equipment stability and performance.</li><li>Perform regular inspections of the equipment and machineries to identify and resolve issues.</li><li>Monitor equipment performance key indicators and set goals and drive the operation team to meet expectations.</li><li>Maintain good housekeeping (image of the Warehouse both internal and external) and safety practices at the high risk and areas supported by maintenance.&#160;</li><li>Respond to emergency calls for any troubleshooting required at site.</li><li>To review and to establish an indirect spare inventory system for key equipment/tools and have full control on it.</li><li>Develop continuous improvement projects aligned to the company strategy.</li><li>Review preventive maintenance programs, recommend improvement and submit reports accurately and timely.</li><li>Prepares daily, weekly and monthly activities reports and audit</li><li>Performs any other ad-hoc duties assigned by the Line Manager</li><li>Reduce cost through continuous efficiency effort.</li><li>Prepare forms and documentation.</li><li>Perform &#8220;Safety Training&#8221; for the integration of new teammates.</li><li>Human Coaching and Follow-up.</li><li>Comply with DECATHLON&#8217;s internal Safety Rules and Guidelines.</li></ul><p><strong>THE PROFILE</strong></p><ul><li>Preferably Bachelor&#8217;s degree or Diploma Safety, Health and Environmental studies, other degrees will be considered and analyzed case by case.&#160;</li><li>Possess a &#8220;GreenBook&#8221;.</li><li>Previous experiences will be a differential.</li><li>Well versed in all the theories, principles, and practices of facilities maintenance management.</li><li>Excellent problem solving / judgment skills and high level of attention to detail and accuracy.</li><li>Strong organizational skills and the ability to work under pressure.</li><li>Ability to handle and prioritize multiple tasks and meet all deadlines.</li><li>Ability to define problems, collect data, and analyses to draw actionable conclusions.</li><li>Knowledge of office software (spreadsheet and word processing)&#160;</li><li>Good analytical skills and data analysis with statistical methods.</li><li>Innovative and work independently to drive technical projects.</li><li>Independent, resourceful and initiative</li><li>Strong communication and written skill in English.</li><li>Self-motivated and team player</li><li>Thorough and methodical</li><li>Good interpersonal skills &amp; negotiating skills</li><li>Sportsperson</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Decathlon S.A. is a French sporting goods retailer. It is the largest sporting goods retailer in the world. Decathlon started with a store in Lille, France in 1976, founded by Michel Leclercq</p><p>Now Decathlon is World&#8216;s No 1 Sport Retailers and have more than 50 store in each of continent in the world.</p><p>We are dedicated to improve people&#8217;s life through sports by make it assessable to everyone and her/his loved one.</p><p>We recruiting sport lovers to develop themselves, reach their positive ambitions, as well as better serve the purposes accordingly (with or without working experiences.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/safety-executive-4557225?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4557225&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 