---
title: "T7 GLOBAL BERHAD Vacancies Maintenance Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "T7 GLOBAL BERHAD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Maintenance Engineer which based in Klang/Port Klang" 
tags: [Klang/Port Klang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>T7 GLOBAL BERHAD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Maintenance Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Jobs open at Pasir Gudang, West Port, Port Klang Free Zone, Port Klang CT1, Port Klang North Port CT2, Kayu Hitam, Padang Besar, Penang Port.</li><li><span>Responsible for performing highly diversified duties to install, troubleshoot, repair and maintain machinery and facility equipment according to safety and predictive and processes to support the achievement of the site&#8217;s business goals and objectives.</span></li><li><span>Ensure that industrial machinery and equipment runs smoothly and reliably. Their work typically involves: planning and undertaking scheduled maintenance.</span></li><li><span>Perform highly diversified duties to install and maintain equipment.</span></li><li><span>Provide emergency/unscheduled repairs of equipment and performs scheduled maintenance repairs of equipment during equipment service.</span></li><li><span>Perform mechanic skills including, but not limited to, mechanical, electrical, troubleshooting and repair of equipment.</span></li><li><span>Read and interpret equipment manuals and work orders to perform required maintenance and service.</span></li><li><span>Diagnose problems, replace or repair parts, test and make adjustments.</span></li><li><span>Perform regular preventive maintenance on equipment.</span></li><li><span>Use a variety of hand and power tools, electric meters and material handling equipment in performing duties.</span></li><li><span>Detect faulty operations, defective material and report those and any unusual situations to proper supervision.</span></li><li><span>Attending sites to troubleshoot issue and repair equipment.</span></li><li><span>Attend breakdown calls 24 hours or 7 days.</span></li><li><span>Ensure all works are done according with safety regulations and maintain clean and orderly work areas.</span></li><li>Ensure that all standard operating procedures comply with specifications, quality standards, statutory and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Act as first point of contact with customer at job sites.</li><li>Establish good working relationships with all departments, colleagues and customers.</li><li><span>Manages reports and records as well as explain the actions and procedures carried out with the suggested solutions.</span></li><li>Diploma and/or Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Engineering, preferable Mechanical, Electrical, Electronic, and/or Instrument.</li><li>Fresh graduate or candidate with no experience are welcomed to apply. On job training provided.</li><li>Experience in maintenance role is an advantage.</li><li>Strong knowledge of engineering concepts, including electrical and mechanical.</li><li>Effective interpersonal and written communication skills.</li><li>Able to work in a fast-paced environment and multi-task effectively.</li><li><span>Excellent organizational and prioritization skills.&#160;</span></li><li>Independent, self-starter and highly structured in his approach to problem solving and planning, with a strong focus on product quality.</li><li>Must have excellent organizational skills and ability to thrive in the demanding conditions of a new start-up.</li><li>The candidate must be able to successfully transition from a start-up role to an operational role once the equipment is installed.</li><li><span>Ability to handle work professionally, independently and efficiency.&#160;</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>T7 Global Berhad&#160;has its roots in being an integrated service provider to the nation&#8217;s expanding Oil &amp; Gas industry. With this extensive experience, knowledge and capabilities, T7 strives to&#160;continue in&#160;expanding itself into one of the major global energy players.&#160;More recently, T7 Global has set foot into Aerospace Industry to provide metal treatment solutions across the value chain of aerospace manufacturing.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Klang/Port Klang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/maintenance-engineer-4520052?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4520052&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 