---
title: "Syspex Technologies (M) Sdn Bhd. Vacancies Purchasing & Planning Executives" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "Syspex Technologies (M) Sdn Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Purchasing & Planning Executives which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syspex Technologies (M) Sdn Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Purchasing & Planning Executives</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Prepare and distributes approved purchase orders to suppliers.</li><li>Ensure all purchase order are approved within guidelines.</li><li>To monitor and ensure supplier shipment arrived on schedule.</li><li>To coordinate and follow with finance on payment for supplier with Cash on Delivery term</li><li>To verify the supplier shipping document vs PO before receive the goods into system.</li><li>To negotiate with supplier to have credit term &amp; discount</li><li>To evaluated and access existing supplier performance from time to time.</li><li>To assist the department on implement new process and business enhancement project that drive incremental value to company.</li><li>Any other assignments or reviews as and when necessary and delegated.</li></ul><p><strong>Authority:</strong></p><ul><li>To raise Purchase requisition for purchasing of goods.</li><li>To raise Purchase Order and distribute approved purchase order to supplier.</li><li>To negotiate pricing with supplier.</li><li>Create new item in system.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Logistic/Supply Chain/Inventory/Warehouse Management and/or Professional Logistic qualifications or any other discipline.</li><li>Minimum 5 years of relevant working experience in supply chain</li><li>Thorough understanding of logistics and material management operational concepts surrounding supply chain, Inventory planning and control, procurement, logistics, warehousing and shipping/receiving.</li><li>Relevant experience with external parties such as forwarders, logistic and shipping agents, customs and government departments, insurance agents, etc.</li></ul><p><strong>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Knowledge/Skill:</strong></p><ul><li>Good command in Bahasa Malaysia and English</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft excel and outlook</li><li>Knowledge of materials planning system (SAP B1) requirements and order generation process logic.</li><li>Knowledge of Custom Act, Statutory and Regulatory Regulations.</li><li>Working knowledge of ISO standards and/or other relevant international standards.</li><li>Highly resourceful, able to work under pressure and meet deadlines in a fast paced environment.</li><li>Excellent communication skills both verbally and written.</li><li>Possess strong sense of commitment</li><li>Detail-oriented, able to multi-task in fast paced environment.</li><li>Ensure efficient operation in planning and purchasing and reduction of risks through effective control.</li><li>Self-motivated, proactive and able to work independently</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a fast-growing distribution company specializing in industrial automation equipment and packaging materials, and now South East Asia's leading Business-to-Business distribution company with headquater in Singapore.</p><p>With our extensive knowledge and expertise in industrial packaging solutions, vast experience in various industries and a team of dedicated Syspex staff, we commit to work passionately in delivering value-driven customer solutions and to exceed the high demands of today&#8217;s industries and consumers.</p><p>Together, we come with a meaningful purpose to create a Happy working environment, a Helping business catered towards all stakeholders &#8211; customers, suppliers, colleagues, bringing to them, great success and fulfilment and lastly, an enriching lifestyle with good values of Honesty, Health and Humble.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/purchasing-planning-executives-4566570?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566570&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 