---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Marketing & Communications Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing & Communications Manager which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing & Communications Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is seeking applications for the Marketing and Communications Manager.</p><p>The role is responsible for the development and implementation of a comprehensive marketing and communications plan to optimise UoSM&#8217;s profile and visibility in Malaysia and other target markets. In doing so, have positive impact on student recruitment and facilitate avenues to support sustained growth in student numbers against pre-defined targets.</p><p>Provide professional leadership and management for marketing professionals within the team while offering expert advice and guidance on marketing functions to the senior leadership team of UoSM.</p><p><strong>Key accountabilities/primary responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Develop and implement an effective marketing and communication plan, aligning with the overarching UoSM Strategic Plan.</li><li>Ensure improved UoSM positioning, standing and branding through effective and high-quality digital and physical media presence. This includes, but is not limited to, website, appropriate social media platforms and other distribution channels.</li><li>Utilise appropriate marketing platforms to generate leads to support the growth in student numbers against pre-defined targets.</li><li>Plan and deliver high-quality corporate, recruitment and marketing events (on-campus, off-campus and online), such as open days, graduation ceremonies, alumni events and campus visits, including all aspects of event promotion and operational delivery.</li><li>Ensure high-quality promotional items, corporate gifts and other marketing materials are in place to support all UoSM activities (as outlined in section 3).</li><li>Carry out a range of market research and analysis to support the achievement of the UoSM Strategic Plan. This includes market research and analysis on new programmes, alumni and graduate employability.</li><li>Provide effective leadership with respect to the portfolio&#8217;s responsibilities by ensuring that the department/unit:</li><li>has staff members in appropriate numbers with abilities, attitudes, motivations, performance levels and position descriptions required to deliver the department&#8217;s responsibilities;</li><li>is managed effectively through systematic development and strict adherence to all policies and procedures;</li><li>plans and manages its budget and resources efficiently and effectively;</li><li>complies with relevant University brand guidelines and regulations and Government requirements;</li><li>reports professionally and accurately on matters related to the department&#8217;s responsibilities;</li><li>engages effectively with students, faculties, and other departments (including UK campus based UoSM C&amp;M Project Manager and International Office) in providing its services; and manages complaints and incidents in an effective and timely manner.</li><li>Undertake any other appropriate duties following consultation and direction by the Head of Recruitment, Admissions and Marketing.</li></ul><p><strong>Person Specification:</strong></p><ul><li>Good first degree or equivalent qualification.</li><li>An advanced proficiency in utilising digital marketing and social media campaigns for the purpose of lead generation and conversion.</li><li>Strong business orientation, including demonstrable negotiation skills with internal and external stakeholders. Experience at working at management level.</li><li>Successful experience of bringing teams together and to managing activities within a project life cycle.</li><li>Good numeracy skills and able to demonstrate business planning skills.</li><li>Significant experience of managing a team of marketers and delivering to set targets.</li><li>Proven and demonstrable experience of developing integrated marketing plans utilising the full communications mix.</li><li>Experience of brand management.</li><li>Familiarisation with PDPA and GDPR.</li><li>Able to plan and organise individual and team activities with an appreciation of longer-term challenges and opportunities, ensuring plans complement and feed into broader operational plans.</li><li>Strong project management skills and coordination of several stakeholders and simultaneous projects in sometimes complex relationships and to multiple deadlines.</li><li>Ability to take strategic view in a fast-moving and dynamic environment.</li><li>Ability to lead projects, driving activity to completion while managing detail, and reporting on progress to date.</li><li>Able to use professional knowledge and experience to identify issues, trends and problems and manage resources towards those goals.</li><li>Must be self-sufficient, capable of target setting and monitoring, actively seeking information from internal or external sources as required.</li><li>Able to assess complex situations and provide solutions.</li><li>Experience in carrying out market research and competitor analysis.</li><li>Evidence of managing a team to ensure the successful delivery of objectives.</li><li>Must be a team player able to work collaboratively with others to disseminate and share knowledge and information</li><li>Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to persuade, influence and collaborate with a wide range of people of different backgrounds and expertise, internally and externally.</li><li>Excellent writing skills with the ability to present complex issues in a focused, succinct, professional, and persuasive manner.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-communications-manager-4542233?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542233&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 