---
title: "Flex Vacancies Process Engineer - (WD108456)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-23 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Process Engineer - (WD108456) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Process Engineer - (WD108456)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b><div><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></div><div><b>Job Description</b></div><div>The <b>Process Engineer </b>will be based in <b><b>Port Tanjung Pelepas, Gelang Patah, Johor.</b></b> The position is responsible for process-engineering capabilities focused on cost, quality and delivery improvements in order to support a manufacturing organization.</div><div><b><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></b></div><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><li>Passionate customer focus</li><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution</li><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><li>Relentless drive to win</li></ul><b><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></b><ul><li>Understand the manufacturing process, technologies, techniques and the product</li><li>Define, Implement and evaluate proposed designs and processes for manufacturability.</li><li>Have the capability to independently or together with other engineering stakeholders identify root causes of failures in the manufacturing process</li><li>High level participation in daily production activities and effective problem solving on daily issues</li><li>Prepare justification, purchase and implement capital equipment for production.</li><li>Support and oversee new process equipment production.</li><li>Support the raising and introduction of engineering change orders (ECOs).</li><li>Establish robust, repeatable and reproducible process parameters</li><li>Develop, implement and take ownership of process control methodologies.</li><li>Trouble shoot process related issues.</li><li>Participate in activities pertaining to cycle time and process improvements.</li><li>Evaluate and select various engineered materials.</li><li>Implement statistical process analysis on new and existing products.</li><li>Implement safety, productivity and yield improvements.</li><li>Improve manufacturing techniques and through put.</li><li>Provide continuous development of manufacturing techniques that will improve in-house capabilities and yields.</li><li>Develop and maintain process documentation.</li><li>Review processing methods.</li><li>Interface with production of all activities associated with new process implementation and transfer.</li><li>Assist in the development of training and provide training to production personnel during new technology transfer.</li><li>Provide equipment maintenance and repair support as required.</li><li>Lead cost improvement/reduction programs.</li></ul><b><b>Here is some of what you'll need (required):</b></b><ul><li>Possesses a Degree in related discipline</li><li>Minimum 1-2 years of working experience in the related field is required</li><li>Fresh graduate will be considered</li></ul><div>NS27</div><div>#LI-NI1</div><div><b>Job Category</b>OperationsFlex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.<b>The information we collect:</b><b>We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our </b>Recruitment Privacy Notice<b><b>.</b></b>If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:&#160;<b>Global Data Privacy Officer:</b>Email Address: dataprotection@flex.com</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/process-engineer-wd108456-4509922?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4509922&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 