---
title: "Telnet Intl Sdn Bhd Vacancies Telecommunication Tower Rigging Technicians" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-16 
excerpt: "Telnet Intl Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Telecommunication Tower Rigging Technicians which based in Johor, Selangor, Penang, Pahang" 
tags: [Johor, Selangor, Penang, Pahang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Telnet Intl Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Telecommunication Tower Rigging Technicians</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Title : Telecommunication Tower Rigging Technicians - TRT&#160;&#160;</p><p>Company : Telnetintl Sdn. Bhd.</p><p>Location of Job : All Locations in Semenanjung Malaysia</p><p>Job Status : Full Time</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Job Description:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></p><p>TRT&#8217;s need to demonstrate strong safety skill sets, have relevant field experience and be able to work well with others, as well as independently. The job description may include tower and cell-site maintenance, antenna modifications/adds, commissioning/decommissioning, and comprehensive site audits and equipment testing. Looking for all levels from Experienced to Crew leads.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No history of stealing or bad record at work</p><p>&#8226; Working within a two or four man team you will carry out Installation of Radios and Antenna Systems for LTE/Microwave as well as installation of Fiber optic and Coax Cable installation tasks on steel lattice, guyed, masts, towers, rooftop and building antenna / aerial systems.</p><p>&#8226; Carry out suitable and sufficient risk assessments in line with company procedures prior to work being undertaken.</p><p>&#8226; Assist in the testing of antenna systems for the purposes of fault finding and subsequent rectification.</p><p>&#8226; Conduct visual inspections of antenna Mounts, aerials, co-axial cables, fixings, feeder cables and anchor points.</p><p>&#8226; Carry out cable repairs including splicing and termination.</p><p>&#8226; Assist the team leader in the preparation and input of site reports and photographs onto the company database.</p><p>&#8226; Comply with health, safety and environmental procedures at all times.</p><p>&#8226; minimum 1 year experience as telecommunication rigging technician</p><p>&#8226; Must have held a previous background within communication / telecommunications as an aerial rigger and be familiar with climbing.</p><p>&#8226; Hold relevant climbing certificates including - Advanced Climbing, Rooftop Access &amp; Rescue, Tower Rescue, RF Hazard Safety Awareness etc. CIDB, WAH, Iratec, Niosh.</p><p>&#8226; Must be fully prepared to work at heights of up to 100 meters (328 feet).</p><p>&#8226; Ability to climb and work safely at heights.</p><p>&#8226; Previous background of using specific harnesses and fall-arrest systems.</p><p>&#8226; The ability to meet basic medical and fitness requirements (medical required). Must be Healthy and fit for working at height.</p><p>&#183;&#160;No history of Drug abuse</p><p>&#8226; It is envisaged that the successful candidate will have a technical engineering background preferably within a similar role.</p><p>&#8226; Good communication skills.</p><p>&#8226; The ability to work in small teams.</p><p>&#8226; Flexibility towards working hours as you may be required to occasionally work away from home.</p><p>&#8226; Good IT skills with the ability to use Microsoft software.</p><p>&#8226; Full clean driving license (Preferred).Have a clean driving record.</p><p>&#8226; Excellent verbal and written communication</p><p>&#8226; Ability to work in team</p><p>&#8226; Innovative, proactive and flexible</p><p>&#8226; Attention to detail</p><p>&#8226; Must be mechanically inclined, construction, climbing, and rigging experience is necessary.</p><p>&#8226; Ability and desire to climb heights up to 500 feet daily - Good physical condition and stamina</p><p>&#8226; Must be proficient at knot tying and have knowledge of their application (i.e. - Clove hitch, Bowline, Rolling Pipe Hitch etc.)</p><p>&#8226; General tower safety knowledge and ability to utilize 100% tie off techniques at all times.</p><p>&#8226; Willing to work outdoors and be exposed to all types of weather(extreme hot and cold)</p><p>&#8226; Ability to read, comprehend As-built - Site Plans</p><p>&#8226; Ability to work independently under limited supervision</p><p>&#8226; Organized with a strong attention to detail</p><p>&#8226; Able to communicate effectively with co-workers and customers</p><p>&#8226; Background in tower assembly, including antenna assembly, waveguide, and coax connector assembly.</p><p>&#8226; Calibration/Testing skills required using Anritsu Site Master, power meter, and any test equipment such as hardness test, calipher, ultra sound and others.</p><p>&#8226; Perform installation of antennas, mounts, cable ladders, cable, etc.</p><p>&#8226; Should have experience working with Jin pole.</p><p>&#8226; Must be computer literate or able to use smart phone.</p><p>&#8226; Work closely with Project Managers to ensure project profitability</p><p>&#8226; Maintain a professional working attitude with co-workers and customers</p><p>&#8226; Mentor less experienced co-workers to enhance the performance of the team</p><p>&#8226; Timely and accurate completion of all reports as required by field supervisors Comply with company Occupational Health &amp; Safety requirement:</p><p>Authorities shall be defined in an Assignment Specification, Project Specification or other assignment documents.</p><p>&#8226; Tool Familiarity, Weather-proofing, Earthing Skills, Cadweld Experience, Use of Capstan Winch (desirable), Familiarity with RF Sweep Test Gear, Basic MS Office Skills (Excel, Word, PPT, Outlook), Familiar with MAC (Apple) Systems &#8211;(IPAD)</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Job Details</strong></p><p>Categories : Telecommunication riggers Technicians</p><p>Job Level : Staff</p><p>Pay : 2,300/monthly</p><p>Fixed allowance : $550/monthly</p><p>Contract Tenure : 1+1 year</p><p>Bonus : 1 mth completion bonus after 12 mths</p><p>Travel Required : 100% of the time</p><p>Required Citizenship :&#160;Malaysian</p><p>Experience Required :&#160;minimun 1 year</p><p>Relocation Costs Paid :None</p><p>Preferred qualification :minimum SPM</p><p>Work Site :Off site</p><p>Job Certifications :CIDB, WAH, Iratec, Niosh</p><p>Job Benefits: Medical, Accident Insurance, Performance Bonuses, Paid Vacation</p><p>Require to submit :</p><p>1. Copy of IC</p><p>2. CIDB card</p><p>3. IRATEC Cert</p><p>4. WAH Cert</p><p>5. Niosh (if any)</p><p>all cert must be still valid</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>TelnetIntl Sdn. Bhd. was established in 2009, with an objective to provide complete range of services from Network Planning and Design through Operation &amp; Maintenance for telecom network operator. It offers complete range of services ranging from design, build and maintain on turnkey basis or in specific defined mode. Since inception, we have been achieving continuous and substantial growth. The resources of the Company, both human and financial, have grown in sync with the expansion of business. We are currently maintaining a 4G network and expanding our technical force to cater for the ever growing network capacity.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Selangor, Penang, Pahang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/telecommunication-tower-rigging-technicians-4482812?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4482812&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 