---
title: "MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD Vacancies Customer Service Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: "MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service Executive which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Enjoy interacting and helping customers?</p><p>We are looking for a <strong>Customer Service Executive</strong>.</p><p>Yes, it is <strong>YOU</strong> who we are looking for!</p><p><strong>Customer Service Executive</strong></p><ul><li>Sell and promote<strong> health products</strong> and<strong> health screening services.</strong></li><li>Resolve product or service inquiry via phone and email.</li><li>Escalate feedback to Team Leader/Manager.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Has a <strong>strong passion</strong> for customer service</li><li>Good interpersonal &amp; Communication skills, service oriented.</li><li>Good command in <strong>English, Bahasa Malaysia and Mandarin.</strong></li><li>Applicants with more than 1 years of <strong>working experience in preventive health care setting</strong> will be added advantage.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least <strong>SPM/SPTM/Diploma</strong>.</li><li>Working Days: <strong>Monday to Saturday</strong></li><li>Rest Days: <strong>2nd and 4th Monday</strong></li><li>Off Days: <strong>Public Holiday and Sunday</strong></li></ul><p>Please don&#8217;t hesitate to apply to know more about our company&#8217;s exciting <strong>employment benefits</strong>!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MJ provide comprehensive health screening programs, which aim to create awareness of preventive is better than cure health concept to the MJ clients and pursues a balance between physical and mental health with enhancement in healthy lifestyle for all mankind.</p><p>Our mission is to provide healthy living for people starting from every family and striving for total quality living and enjoying happy and healthy family lifestyle for all.</p><p>MJ healthcare&#160;management platform comprises three main areas of &#8220; Screening &#8220; , &#8220;Evaluation &#8220; , and &#8220; Health Management&#8221;, and broken down into eight phases including screening, monitoring, analysing, evaluating, predicting, alerting, making interventions, and following-up to provide health conscious people with the tools they need to manage health and prevent disease.</p><p>MJ&#8217;s Philosophy: Live Long, Live Well, and Stay Young</p><p>For MJ, health is not just about not getting sick or getting sick less often. MJ wants to use its diverse health management strategies to help people &#8220;live long, live well, and stay young&#8221; and live more active and meaningful lives!</p><p>MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System, characterized as &#8220;High Efficiency, High Quantity, High Quality, Low Lost&#8221;,&#8221; has been providing MJ clients with quality preventive health services that are safe, comfortable, independent, private, and convenient. With the humanized and highly efficient &#8220;computerized cross-scheduling function,&#8221; MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System allows a subject to complete over a hundred of examinations and reports within four hours. MJ is indeed a worldwide pioneer in the field of health management.</p><p>In additional, MJ HSC also offer personalized health management consultation, aesthetic services, regenerative medicine such as stem cell therapy &amp; immunotheraphy to create total health management platform accessible to ten million people.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-executive-4529106?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4529106&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 