---
title: "Miaow Miaow Food Products Sdn Bhd Vacancies Human Resource and General Affair Executive / Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Miaow Miaow Food Products Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resource and General Affair Executive / Assistant Manager which based in Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Miaow Miaow Food Products Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resource and General Affair Executive / Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p><strong><em>Company Policy</em></strong></p><ul><li>To write and set-up company Employee Service Manual for monthly paid employee and daily rated employee, foreign contract employee.</li><li>To ensure the policy is being followed and carry out effectively.</li><li>To ensure Company Policy and procedure is spell clearly and understand by the employee.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Recruitment</em></strong></p><ul><li>To plan the recruitment strategy.</li><li>To co-ordinate in foreign workers recruitment.</li><li>To ensure the recruitment is done successfully and employed suitable candidate to fill the appropriate position.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Training</em></strong></p><ul><li>To liaise with Miaow Miaow Group on yearly training plan.</li><li>To recommend suitable training course to the Management.</li><li>To be responsible in company in-house training, engaged suitable external trainer and training canter.</li><li>To ensure training is done smoothly and effectively.</li><li>To ensure all training fees is claimable under HRD fund.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Compensation and Benefit</em></strong></p><ul><li>To enforce Company Rules and Regulations, counseling and disciplinary procedure.</li><li>To distribute, monitor, collect and summaries the conformation annual appraisal.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Foreign Worker</em></strong></p><ul><li>To assist foreign workers recruitment.</li><li>To apply &#8220;Calling VISA&#8221; from the Malaysia Immigration before arrival of worker.</li><li>To apply the worker &#8220;Employment Pass&#8221; upon arrival through Foreign Workers Immigration Department.</li><li>Renewal of Foreign Employment Pass</li><li>To arrange foreign worker for medical checkup with FOMEMA on 90 days before expiry of Employment Pass date.</li><li>Contract of service expiry, failed Medical Report and charged of major misconduct issue.</li><li>To arrange Departure Flight ticket back to home country.</li><li>To apply check out memo with Foreign Worker Immigration Department.</li></ul><p><strong>General Affairs</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the overall operation/functions in General Affair (GA) section in administering company&#8217;s administration/general affairs and complying with the established policies &amp; procedures, legal requirements and compliances.</li><li>Responsible for the administration of sourcing for company hostel, negotiation on rental and tenancy agreement, and overseeing the issues related to occupancy in the hostels, hostels upkeep and others.</li><li>Responsible to lead and supervise GA team to ensure fulfillment of assignments, roles and responsibilities in related to GA and/or compliance in the Company, its subsidiaries and sub-contractors.</li><li>Responsible to meet the departmental objective / KPI / and lead the team to achieve the established goals.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Compliance</em></strong></p><ul><li>Responsible to fulfill compliance requirements in the Company and/or factory operations and company subsidiaries including company hostels.</li><li>To lead, provide training and to ensure deployment of established policies and procedures on compliances are adhered by employees of the Company, company subsidiaries and sub-contractors.</li><li>To conduct internal audit to ensure Company and/or factory, company subsidiaries and sub-contractors including hostels, are complying with all the compliance requirements and local laws.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Miaow Miaow Food Products Sdn Bhd is one of the subsidiary companies of Miaow Miaow Group - one of the leading snack food manufacturers in Malaysia.</p><p>Known for our tasty treats, Miaow Miaow has been making snacks in Malaysia since 1975, with many of our products becoming national favorites over the course of more than 46 years. From our signature Prawn and Cuttlefish Crackers to our classic Green Peas and Cheese Rings, our products have been delighting people across Malaysia for years as well as many others in 40 countries around the world. Loved by many, our technology is constantly sought for OEM production by fellow snack manufacturers throughout the country.&#160;</p><p>Since year 1989, we have been well penetrated into the domestic market and our products have been distributed to all over Malaysia. Apart from the local wholesalers and retailers, the company business coverage was concentrated in the high traffic outlets such as the hypermarkets, supermarkets, petrol kiosks, as well as the chain convenient stores .In September 1999, we wrote a new historic page in Miaow Miaow achievement as our first step onto the globalize stage. To date, our core market is in Middle East Countries, Asia Pacific and Africa. With the growing popularity of our products overseas, we&#8217;ve decided to bring our products more prominently onto the global stage to reach markets throughout Asia, Africa and the United States within the next 5 years.</p><p>To meet these needs, we are seeking enthusiastic and dynamic individuals to join our team and fast track their career with us.&#160;&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resource-and-general-affair-executive-assistant-manager-4600758?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4600758&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 