---
title: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd Vacancies HR Shared Services Lead" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Shared Services Lead which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mammoet Romstar Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Shared Services Lead</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#8220;Everything about our industry is XL. The projects, the challenges, but also the opportunities. Mammoet readily embraces people with a can-do mentality and the ability to think on their toes. It is a rewarding environment for those looking to maximize their potential.&#8221;</p><p>Mammoet is full of people who love what they do. Loyal, hardworking and with a desire to find the best way to do their job. They are open and outspoken. Even blunt at times. But always with a sense of humor and respect for each other&#8217;s qualities. When you spread this attitude around the world amazing things can happen. If you want to be the best you can possibly be, then Mammoet might just be your company. Reach out and join us. You&#8217;ll be surprised by the difference you can make.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Lead the Mammoet APAC payroll and statutory processing, to maintain compliance to legal, fiscal and regulatory requirement. This includes any of form of remunerations, statutory contributions, fund release to statutory bodies, tax reporting and clearances, payment to vendors and employees.</li><li>Coordinates with Finance teams to ensure all the financial related transactions relating to payroll activities are in place</li><li>&#160;Ensure and confirm the accuracy and integrity of all data entered, maintains data in HRIS systems and databases and assures information is available on a timely basis.</li><li>Lead the personnel costs management and forecast initiatives</li><li>Ensure compliance to all audits, certification, HR policy and Employee Handbooks</li><li>Provide data analysis and handle confidential matters as and when requested&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Qualification and experience:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Human Resource or others related fields.</li><li>At least 3 years to 5 years of the relevant HR experiences especially in shared services environment</li><li>Highly computer literate especially in SAP system</li><li>Good analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>Self-motivated, resourceful, result and performance oriented</li><li>Able to work at irregular hours</li><li>Able to start work immediately will be an added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mammoet provides tailor made heavy lifting and transportation solution. Mammoet has the largest heavy lift fleet of cranes worldwide, with over 3600 employees that have extensive expertise in the specialized fields of heavy lifting, sea and land transportation, supply of cranes and other lifting devices, engineering and project management. Difficult projects under difficult terrain conditions have been completed safely and successfully to the full satisfaction of our clients.</p><p>Mammoet has been operating in the South East Asia region more than 30 years and have been involved in most of the major projects in the Petrochemical, Power, Civil and Offshore sectors. Rentals and the ever increasing offshore load outs are equally important and form an integral part of our business. In Malaysia, our Johor office is a Regional Headquarter (OHQ) for Operations. From Johor / Malaysia office, we support the Group to provide equipment (including mobilization of equipment), manpower and expertise to execute the project within APAC. Beside that we also support Mammoet Global operations in other regions (Europe, USA and Middle East) for the execution of the projects. Details about Mammoet can be found our website www.mammoet.com.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-shared-services-lead-4563477?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4563477&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 