---
title: "Cloudex Sdn Bhd Vacancies Junior Software Engineer (Salary up to RM10k, Fresh Grads Welcomed)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Cloudex Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Junior Software Engineer (Salary up to RM10k, Fresh Grads Welcomed) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cloudex Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Junior Software Engineer (Salary up to RM10k, Fresh Grads Welcomed)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Attention to IT graduates and developers in Johor or other states, here is a great opportunity for you to build <strong>really awesome applications and e-commerce platforms</strong> with the latest technology that we have. For us, everyday is a great day to learn. You will get to build great things with us!</p><p><strong>So what is your role as Software Engineer in Cloudex:</strong></p><ul><li>You will be involved in all stages of the product development lifecycle.</li><li>This is the fun part:&#160;You will get to design and develop e-Commerce, Social Media &amp; Gaming applications.</li><li>Well, nothing is perfect. So, you may need to troubleshoot and implement solutions relating to bug, change request and enhancement.</li><li>Explore new exciting technology and maybe implement it in next projects, why not?</li></ul><p><strong>Who are the talented developers that we are looking for:</strong></p><ul><li>Someone with Diploma or Degree in IT, Computer Science or Software Engineering as you will have the right skill and knowledge in this field.</li><li>However, paper qualification alone may not be enough. So, you may need to have a proven track record in <strong>developing e-Commerce websites</strong> or any cool applications before.</li><li>Someone who can <strong>converse in Mandarin </strong>as you will be liaising with clients in China and other Mandarin-speaking countries.</li><li><strong>Fresh graduates</strong> and aspire to become great developer? Do apply and PITCH yourself during interview!</li></ul><p><strong>Some technical skills needed to perform well in this role:</strong></p><ul><li>Solid hands-on working experience using <strong>PHP language</strong> or Microsoft technologies, which consist of the <strong>.NET Framework</strong>, <strong>C#, ASP.NET MVC</strong>, Windows/Web services and MS SQL server.</li><li>Development experience with <strong>MVC</strong> architecture, <strong>AJAX </strong>and <strong>jQuery </strong>are mandatory and Angular 2 is preferred.</li></ul><p><strong>And what&#8217;s in store for you:</strong></p><ul><li>We pay our people quite well, based on their skills, qualification and proven experience.</li><li>If you come from other states and do not have accommodation yet, need not to worry. We provide FREE HOSTEL for you!</li><li>Great working culture with <strong>young-at-heart developers</strong>, fun-and-loving team members and visionary managers.</li><li>You will based in Permas Jaya, a growing location with a lot of facilities nearby such as <strong>AEON Mall, Banks, Food Court and Japanese restaurants</strong> if you crave for Sushi sometimes, and a lot more. Traffic is also not so bad.</li><li>Yes, you will grow your career with us. From junior developers to senior developers and maybe Tech Lead one day, this is a great company to grow yourself.</li></ul><p>This opportunity won&#8217;t come often. Thus, click <strong>&#8216;Apply Now</strong>&#8217; and let&#8217;s talk soon!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are very <strong>well-established</strong> since our incorporation in November 2002. With the young, energetic and dedicated team of players in ourcompany, we are committed to the highest level of quality to serve our clients better.</div>
<div>We are not just any regular web development company, but we are a web services provider to prepare hundreds of our clients with cutting edge applications and solutions to compete in this fast growing IT era.</div>
<div>The reason that makes us unique in this niche market is because of the strong hold to our company philosophy in highest satisfaction, creativity and quality. We are dedicated to understand our every single client better and many of the diverse needs of individuals, thus we are attuned to your specific requirements.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/junior-software-engineer-salary-up-to-rm10k-fresh-grads-welcomed-4485037?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485037&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 