---
title: "Jstar Motion Sdn Bhd Vacancies Human Resources Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-17 
excerpt: "Jstar Motion Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Human Resources Executive which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jstar Motion Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Human Resources Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Key Tasks</strong></p><p><strong>Payroll Management</strong></p><ul><li>Produce monthly salary for all local employees in Malaysia Office. This is also include preparing credit advise to bank for all employees in Malaysia. Update and maintain employee database in payroll system at all times.</li></ul><p><strong>Recruitment, Selection and On boarding</strong></p><ul><li>Work with hiring managers to support the recruitment activity. This also include direct involvement of recruitment activity including participation in the job interview, prepare and issuance of all Employment Agreements, conduct new employee orientation activity and provide support to managers on the onboarding process including coordination of employee benefits.</li></ul><p><strong>Training &amp; Development</strong></p><ul><li>Work with leaders to identify development plans for each employees. Produce and collaborate with leaders to execute annual training plan. Have good understanding and compliance in Training and Development Procedure. Represent HR for the compliance audit by internal &amp; external parties.</li></ul><p><strong>Performance Management and Remuneration</strong></p><ul><li>Coordinate and facilitate each cycle of Performance Management processes (goal setting, mid-year and year-end performance review and annual remuneration review) to ensure timely accurate information.</li></ul><p><strong>&#8203;Legal</strong></p><ul><li>Keep abreast of new/changes in employment law, employment statutory and other laws impacted to employees. Monitor and assess the need for changes to policy, procedure or terms and conditions of employment where appropriate in order to ensure HR policy, procedures and employment agreements comply with legislation.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Represent the company on HR related matters with relevant government agencies and statutory bodies.</li></ul><p><strong>Leave Management and Employee Benefits</strong></p><ul><li>Administer of leave record and employee benefits for all employees in JStar Motion.</li></ul><p><strong>HR Record</strong></p><ul><li>Maintain employee personnel files, induction, learning and development records and HR files, information systems and databases in a timely manner.<strong>&#160;</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Administration</strong></p><ul><li>Administer general administration for Jstar Malaysia including cafeteria, furniture, office - stationery, equipment &amp; furniture, security services, vehicle fuel card, office cleaning, replenish stocks for pantries, landscape service, pest control service, general upkeep including coordinating with contractors for minor upgrading/maintenance works for&#160;building and meals for the office events.</li></ul><p><strong>Communication</strong></p><ul><li>Support communication activities for Jstar Malaysia including preparing and/or distributing communication packs to all employees.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Qualification and Experience required</strong></p><ul><li>Recognized degree in Human Resources Management or any related field.</li><li>Minimum 3 -5 years generalist HR experience in similar role.</li><li>HR experience within a manufacturing or similar environment is desirable.</li><li>An understanding and practicable knowledge of&#160;Malaysia Employment Regulations, and prevailing H.R. practices and legislation.</li><li>Proficient Microsoft Office Skills.&#160;</li><li>Excellent written and oral communication skills.</li><li>An ability to be accurate and shown attention to detail.</li><li>Sound analytical thinking and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Strong relationship building and influencing skills.</li><li>Proactive and action-oriented approach with a strong desire for continuous improvement.</li><li>Ability to establish priorities using sound judgement and consistently meet deadlines.</li><li>Excellent organization and time management skills.</li><li>Willing to work 6 days (Alternate Saturdays) in Kulai, Johor</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Jstar Motion Sdn Bhd was established in July 2019 and is privately owned by J-Star Motion Corporation USA under the NEEQ listed company, Jiecang Group. We are an OEM manufacturer of Electronically-controlled Desk Lifting Column and Electronically-controlled Lifting Desk Frame. Due to our high standards, our products become globally respected for use as office furnitures.</div>
<div>The factory in Bandar Indahpura spanning about 21,000 square metres is our first factory in Asia region and has begin the operation since June 2020.&#160;The factory is designated for office space, R&amp;D and workshops specializing in lifting column assembly and electronics including the state of art technology machines; laser cutting, palletizer robot and welding robot.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/human-resources-executive-4464869?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4464869&sectionRank=4&token=0~772650d4-9821-4a12-a607-b73b03e65f0e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 