---
title: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT which based in Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CRICUT MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PROJECT MANAGER, HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Responsibilities</p><ul><li>Manage complex electro-mechanical product development projects</li><li>Work as the technical and programmatic focal point and facilitator for development activities.</li><li>Prepares and manages project budgets and schedules.&#160;</li><li>Highlights issues well in advance and leads efforts to develop and implement alternative actions to overcome the issues and maintain the schedule.</li><li>Prepares and maintains Issues/Action Item database.&#160;</li><li>Leads the team in working through complex issues</li><li>Maintains a system&#8217;s view of the project to identify and manage risks</li><li>Ensure that management and stakeholders are notified of any potential schedule impacts</li><li>Facilitate regular status meetings with both domestic and international teams.</li><li>Ensure seamless communication with other functional areas (SW, Product Mgmt, etc.)</li><li>Ensure that all projects are completed in a timely manner</li><li>Coordinate testing activities with engineers and the quality department</li><li>Ensure product performance meets engineering and product specifications through testing and inspection.</li><li>Coordinate and manage supplier and contract manufacturing activities to deliver on project objectives.&#160;Includes regular travel to or within Asia as needed (at least 4x/yr, can include travel to China, Malaysia and other areas of Asia).</li></ul><p>Qualifications</p><ul><li>The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's degree in Engineering, Mechanical Engineering strongly preferred.&#160;They will have a working knowledge of software/firmware and some programming background.&#160;They will also be familiar with electronics with the ability to read and understand electrical schematics and wiring diagrams.</li><li>5+ years in project management related to product development</li><li>Strong communication skills, team work and interpersonal skills</li><li>Strong analytical and problem solving skills</li><li>Ability to utilize various technologies and tools to effectively manage projects and provide clear and concise communications to teams and stakeholders</li><li>Adept at Microsoft Project, MS Excel.&#160;Proficiency in Minitab highly desirable</li><li>The ability to understand and apply statistical process control methods is highly desirable including Cpk&#8217;s, T-Tests, X-Bar/R charts, DOE&#8217;s, etc.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At Cricut&#174;, we believe that we&#8217;re all born makers. When we built our first cutting machine, we saw the potential for a simple yet powerful tool to completely transform the way people craft, design, and DIY. Since then, we continue to innovate with new machines, platforms, materials, and tools, but that&#8217;s just what we do. Who we are is a bustling worldwide community, a means for connection, and an outlet for unbridled creativity. Join us as we place the power of handmade into the hands of ALL.</p><p>Life</p><p>Love your work. And your coworkers.</p><p>Our company is made up of A+ human beings. We ask tough questions, entertain ideas outside of our own, and work together to make something bigger than ourselves. With Cricut&#174; growing in China, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Europe, South America, as well as Malaysia we&#8217;re on an unstoppable roll, satisfying that innate creative itch around the world. We train, develop, and celebrate great work with hallway high fives and promotions within. We also throw the world&#8217;s best Halloween party.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-manager-hardware-development-4546623?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546623&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 