---
title: "Tradewinds Plantation Berhad Vacancies FIELD SUPERVISOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Tradewinds Plantation Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the FIELD SUPERVISOR which based in Johor, Kelantan, Sarawak" 
tags: [Johor, Kelantan, Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tradewinds Plantation Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>FIELD SUPERVISOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Supervises and directs activities of workers.</li><li>May be required to receive, record and dispatch produce.</li><li>Inspects, maintains, and keeps such records as required by management relevant to his area of responsibility and ensures that all work is performed according to instructions.</li><li>May be responsible for making requisitions, issue, receive or record materials necessary for operations under his supervision.</li><li>May resolve workers&#8217; grievances.</li><li>May prepare monthly payroll or provide final figures for computing payroll and assist in payment of advances and wages for workers.</li><li>Plans and estimates cost of operations and submits periodic progress report as may be required.</li><li>Responsible to assist manager in field operation include harvesting, sprayer, manuring, FFB collection/ transport and external transport FFB to mill.</li><li>Attend daily muster.</li><li>Issues work instruction and distribution.</li><li>Recording of FFB harvest, FFB dispatch</li><li>Inspection and maintains daily and monthly records.</li><li>Filling pocket checkroll for monthly payroll</li><li>Responsibilities on filing and coding in pocket checkroll book for workers salary under his&#160;&#160;area.</li><li>Preparation of draft progress report</li><li>Preparation and maintain costing.</li><li>Assist manager to prepare yearly estimate.</li><li>Responsibility in workers linesite</li><li>Supervises and direct workers activities.</li><li>Responsibilities on MSPO &amp; OSHA implementation to workers.</li><li>Maintains standard form, document and records and submits report as required.</li></ul><p><strong>Basic education and training:</strong></p><ul><li>The minimum qualification for new recruits will be MCE/SPM with good credits in at least two appropriate subjects.&#160;Preference may be given to those who have done part HSC in appropriate subjects.</li><li>At least 3 Year(s) of working experience in oil palm plantation.</li></ul><p><strong>Personal qualities required, abilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent interpersonal skills, effective communicator, innovative and good influencing skills</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Good tolerance to stress</li><li>Ability to prioritize and multitask.</li><li>Proven ability to work with a specialist, high performing, and multi-cultural team.</li><li>Willing to work occasionally in shift and at weekends.</li><li>Manage a multi-internal project.</li><li>Diplomacy, confidentiality, respect to other cultures</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are one of the dominant Oil Palm Plantation Companies in the country, highly respected in the industry with a successful history.</div>
<div>We committed in a fair, transparent, and responsible business manner that prohibits bribery and corruption in all of its business operations. TPB complies with all the stipulated anti-bribery laws applicable to the organization and is committed to implement the Anti-Bribery Management System according to ISO 37001:2016 along with its continuous improvement.</div>
<div>In line with our expansion plans, we invite suitably qualified candidates who are energetic, aggressive, and positive minded to apply for any suitable position.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kelantan, Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/field-supervisor-4487714?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487714&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 