---
title: "R LOGIC SDN BHD Vacancies IT Project Management" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "R LOGIC SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the IT Project Management which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>R LOGIC SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>IT Project Management</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Responsibilities</p><ul><li>Planning and executing technology projects and system implementations in the field in an organized and effective manner.</li><li>Focus on applications development to support both new and existing enterprise initiatives to bring systems out of the back room into competitive business environment.</li><li>Establishing project scopes, goals, timelines, resources, and deliverables that support business goals and tracking projects progress</li><li>Responsible for the business case, project planning, resource management, delivery and deployment of the defined outcome</li><li>Managed regional out-source vendor application management services (AMS) which included change management request, ticket incident logs &amp; closure, SLA/KPI tracking, resolved outstanding issue, escalation, monthly performance update and annual vendor evaluation.</li><li>Demonstrated track record of managing medium to large projects</li><li>Support and Deliver IT Services Management (ITSM) solutions based on ITIL best practices that focus on the people, process, technology and information perspectives of providing integrated organization wide business solutions within the IT infrastructure.</li><li>Led team that provided production and project support for desktops, networks, telecommunications, and applications.</li><li>Supported vastly different infrastructure and application environments. (region and overseas)</li><li>Plan, organize, direct, control and evaluate the operations of information systems and procedures for electronic data processing and computer systems operations and development.</li><li>Meet with managers/users to discuss system requirements, specifications, costs and timelines</li><li>Maintain and improve Internal Customer Satisfaction by constantly monitoring performance and developing improvement plans.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Information Technology, with a major in either management of information systems, computer science, or information technology.</li><li>Exceptional focus, Strong follow-through, Management and Coordination skills.</li></ul><p><strong>Specified skills &#8211;</strong></p><ul><li>Technical Expertise - Project Implementation, Project Planning and Management</li><li>People Management Skills</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>R-Logic was founded in the year 1999 with repair of IT products, such as PCs, Monitors, printers and other IT peripherals. Since then, R-Logic continuously builds up its technical capabilities, enabling the team to perform up to component level repair of the IT products, such as power supplies, motherboard, fusing assembly of printers, etc. Along with the technical capabilities, R-Logic also emphasizes in building a good network with the OEMs of the products. These strong OEMs links not only enable R-Logic to source for originals components, but also to partner with OEMs to transfer the original product repair and testing technology to R-Logic. With these strategic factors, R-Logic grows rapidly and constantly seeking ways to provide our customers with value-added services. As a result for today, R-Logic has transformed into a service-oriented company with the strong technical capability as the foundation, providing value-added services such as RMA management, defective inventory management, technical service center, call-center, etc.</div>
<div>R-Logic believes in &#8220;global services, local operations&#8221;, R-Logic establishes an operations network throughout Asia Pacific. Currently, R-Logic has operations in Singapore, China, India, Australia and Malaysia. R-Logic is continuing its effort in exploring and establishing more operations in other parts of Asia.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/it-project-management-4563925?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4563925&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 