---
title: "Fitson Sdn Bhd Vacancies Quality Engineer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "Fitson Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Quality Engineer which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Fitson Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Quality Engineer</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>FITSON</strong>&#160;was founded in 1994 and is an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and Original Design Manufacturer (ODM) specializing in producing Mother &amp; Baby care products with a 100% export to some of the biggest baby product companies.&#160;</p><p><strong>What do you need do in this role:</strong></p><ul><li>Applying and maintaining Integrated Management System.</li><li>Act as Document Controller (DCC) in applying and maintaining IMS on documentation and record-keeping.</li><li>To carry out Quality Control activity including Incoming/Outgoing Quality Control, In-line Quality Control and final product testing.</li><li>To liaise closely with Production Department to find solution of product quality issue.</li><li>Implementation of Quality Control procedure.</li><li>Ensure accurate quality recording and reporting.</li><li>Liaise with customers / vendors on quality issue.</li><li>Handling on Customers&#8217; complaints regarding quality issues.</li><li>Trouble shooting, reporting and highlighting variance / defects.</li><li>Provide trainings and create awareness in quality, environment requirements, emergency preparedness and response among staffs in production, personnel involve in production (such as sub-contractor).</li><li>Maintain and execute QA laboratory in line with internal product testing requirements.</li><li>Monitoring calibration / verification on measuring equipment.</li><li>Involve in New Product Development Testing and Approbation process</li><li>Liaise with External Test Labs for all relevant testing and audits required</li><li>Review production efficiency and yield together with Production and Technician team</li><li>Ensure operation comply to Safety Operation Procedures (SOP) and Work Instructions (WI).</li><li>Work with process technicians and related departments for quality control, preventive and corrective actions.</li><li>Drive quality initiatives aggressively and able to lead cross-functional teams for continuous improvement.</li><li>To implement waste and chemical management, include proper storage and labeling.</li><li>Monitor environment performance, including incidence of pollution and accident, and to take appropriate corrective action to mitigate the impact.</li><li>To report major quality, environment, OH&amp;S non-conformity to Managements.</li><li>Implement preventive action for quality, environment and OH&amp;S controls.</li><li>To ensure all operators and general workers follow waste and chemical management requirements.</li><li>Ensure OH&amp;S management system is properly implemented.</li></ul><p><strong>What do you need to have to be successful in this role:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum STPM / Diploma / Advanced /Degree holders or its equivalent.</li><li>At least 2 - 5 years experience in plastic injection / Electronic industry.</li><li>Knowledge of plastic, rubber, silicone mechanical structure will be an added advantage.</li><li>Good supervision and leadership skills</li><li>Possess good interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Languages skills in Mandarin, English, Malay</li></ul><p><strong>What are the benefits waiting for you:</strong></p><ul><li>Attractive remuneration and package will commensurate with experience and qualification</li><li>An attractive compensation packages</li><li>Fair work-life balance.</li><li>Opportunities for growth and advancement awaits the successful candidate.</li></ul><p>Are you ready to make that career shift &amp; grow a great portfolio with us? Click the &#8216;<strong>Apply Now</strong>&#8217; button and we will get in touch with you soon.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>FITSON was founded in 1994 and is an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and Original Design Manufacturer (ODM) specializing in producing Mother &amp; Baby care products with a 100% export to some of the biggest baby product companies in Europe, US, China, Japan and Asia. Over the years, we have built a strong track record in manufacturing various high quality baby products. We are expanding our organisation and are seeking talented, committed individuals to join and become part of our Fitson team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/quality-engineer-4571481?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4571481&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 