---
title: "JKK EXPRESS (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies HR Executive (based in Johor Bahru)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "JKK EXPRESS (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR Executive (based in Johor Bahru) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JKK EXPRESS (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR Executive (based in Johor Bahru)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>1.&#160;Region Recruitment Specialist:-</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for region target setting, analyse region recruitment strategies, follow up current recruitment progress and provide support to achieve recruitment target.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Communicate with operation department to develop recruitment strategies that satisfy short term and long term goal.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Develop and utilize all recruitment channel, e.g.: online recruitment platform, social media and offline recruitment method to reach out to more talent.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Maintain a good relationship with local head hunting agencies and foreign manpower supplier agencies.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Monitor all recruitment activities, including employee referral program, internship, campus hiring and new recruitment related projects.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for region&#8217;s HR personnel orientation program.</p><p><strong>2.&#160;KPI Management Executive:-</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Ensure KPI are monitored and measured regularly according to monthly and quarterly basis.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Meeting and discuss with all department leaders to set the KPI goals for their team member.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for KPI management, KPI calculation and KPI implementation.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Provide professional feedback on KPI results.</p><p><strong>3.&#160;IR/ER:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Attend to all disciplinary issues, staff counseling &amp; grievances, terminations and other employee related matters in compliance with labor laws.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Deal with employee grievance and resolve any labor disputes.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Formulate and implement employee reward and punishment systems, employee benefits, and supervise such implementation.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Prepare HR memorandums, forms and letters</p><p>&#183;&#160;Undertake any ad-hoc assignment assigned by the Management as and when required.</p><p><strong>4.&#160;Learning and Development:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for refining and enhancing the Company&#8217;s learning &amp; development setup and system.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for liaising with all departments to identify their training needs, formulating and implementing training plans, evaluating outcomes and effects of trainings via feedbacks obtained.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Develop comprehensive training materials and activities.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Organize an orientation and induction for new staff as well as certified instructor program.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Responsible for training budgeting and cost control.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Examine the training outcomes and effects, develop and maintain training-related statistical statements, and analyze the training data on a regular basis.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Incharge of talent development and training development.</p><p><strong>5.&#160;Any ad-hoc task which is required by the management.</strong></p><p><span>Job Requirements: -</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;Candidate must possess at least a Diploma / Advanced / Higher / Graduate Diploma in Business Studies / Administration / Management, Human Resource Management or equivalent</p><p>&#183;&#160;At least 2 - 3 years of working experiences in Human Resource</p><p>&#183;&#160;Good knowledge of Labour Laws and legislation such as Employment Act 1955, Industrial Relations Act 1967.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Able to start immediately will be an advantage.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English,&#160;Mandarin as you are required to process Mandarin language documents, Mandarin fluentcy 10/10.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Excellence analytical skills and sensitive to numbers.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Outstanding communication skills.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Candidate must be able to travel across Malaysia if required.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Additional Company Information</h4></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Registration No.</span></div><div><span>1419885-W</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Company Size</span></div><div><span>1 - 50 Employees</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Industry</span></div><div><span>Consumer Products / FMCG</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-executive-based-in-johor-bahru-4601776?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4601776&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 