---
title: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Research Scientist Product Development" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-02 
excerpt: "Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Research Scientist Product Development which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Hershey Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Research Scientist Product Development</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Summary:-</p><p>The Research Scientist provides project leadership on projects low to medium complexity by leveraging knowledge and experience to drive chocolate product innovation and growth for global locations with a focus on the Southeast Asia region and on any product that would be developed at the Malaysia plant. The candidate will accomplish this by:</p><ul><li>Leads low to medium projects from a complexity stand point</li><li>Developing new chocolate products and processes</li><li>Assist on phases of projects that are of major importance, complexity or scope.</li><li>Participating in the innovation process with the Chocolate Strategic Business Unit in Southeast Asia Region</li><li>Participating in project design and methodology</li><li>Problem solving through application of knowledge and creative thinking</li><li>Ensuring project execution and technology transfer</li><li>Observing, recording and evaluating experimental data to draw conclusions</li><li>Preparing project reports and presentations</li><li>Supporting technical capabilities of vendors of ingredients</li><li>Providing instruction to Technical Support employees</li></ul><p>Requirements:-</p><ul><li>Food Science or Food Engineering is desirable.</li><li>Strong in English written and fluent in verbal communication is required.</li><li>The candidate will have knowledge of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), analytical techniques, chocolate, confectionary or snacks technologies, research methodology and experience in projects process.</li><li>Candidates should be comfortable operating laboratory, pilot plant and plant equipment and possess excellent math and computer skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>About The Hershey Company:<br>
<br>
The Hershey Company (NYSE: HSY) is the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America and a global leader in chocolate and sugar confectionery. Headquartered in Hershey, Pa., The Hershey Company has operations throughout the world and approximately 14,000 employees.<br>
With revenues of more than $6.6 billion USD, Hershey offers confectionery products under more than 80 brand names, including such iconic brands as Hershey's, Reese's, Hershey's Kisses, Hershey's Special Dark, Twizzlers, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers. The company is focused on growing its presence in key international markets such as China, Mexico and Brazil while continuing to build its competitive advantage in the United States and Canada.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>For more than 100 years, The Hershey Company has been a leader in making a positive difference in the communities where its employees live, work and do business. Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of the company&#8217;s global business strategy, which includes goals and priorities focused on fair and ethical business dealings, environmental stewardship, fostering a desirable workplace for employees, and positively impacting society and local communities. Milton Hershey School, established in 1909 by the company's founder and funded by a trust administered by Hershey Trust Company, provides a quality education, housing, and medical care at no cost to children in social and financial need. Students of Milton Hershey School are direct beneficiaries of The Hershey Company's success.<br>
<br>
To facilitate strong international growth, Hershey has been making tremendous investment and hiring the brightest people to grow with the company across AEMEA region (Asia, Europe, Middle East and Africa). In 2013, Hershey announced plans to build a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Johor, Malaysia to support growing consumer demand in the regional and provide easy distribution access to more than 25 markets across Asia. The Johor plant, a $250 million USD (RM816 million) investment, represents the single- largest investment in Asia during the company&#8217;s 18-year history in the region. Once completed in 2015, the Malaysia plant will be the one of the largest facilities in Hershey&#8217;s global manufacturing network with 700,000 total square feet. The plant will also have the capacity to produce the broadest array of finished products of any Hershey factory outside of the United States and Mexico, including millions of HERSHEY&#8217;S KISSES each day.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/research-scientist-product-development-4553964?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4553964&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 