---
title: "Jeko Loong Sdn Bhd Vacancies HR cum Admin" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Jeko Loong Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HR cum Admin which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jeko Loong Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HR cum Admin</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities :-</strong>&#160;</p><p>1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Payroll &amp; Benefit :</p><ul><li>Review daily time sheet (attendance &amp; overtime) and ensure accurate monthly payroll processing.</li><li>Track staff productivity and performance.</li><li>Preparation of HR related letters.</li><li>Maintain HR database and personnel files&#160;</li><li>Responsible for application, renewal and cancellation of work pass/ permit</li><li>Assist in plan and&#160;organize&#160;company events when necessary&#160;</li><li>Coordinate training and development activities&#160;</li></ul><p>2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Recruitment :</p><ul><li>Screening &amp; interviewing candidates, conducting reference and background checks</li><li>Manage recruitment portals and listings</li><li>On/off-boarding processes: new hires, orientation, confirmation, exit interview&#160;</li></ul><p>3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Administration: -</p><ul><li>Management of tool, equipment, vehicle and packing material.</li><li>Maintaining a clean and enjoyable working environment</li><li>Any other administrative work(s) or ad-hoc task(s) allocated by management from time to time</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements :-</strong></p><p><strong><em>FRESH GRADUATES ARE WELCOME TO APPLY!!</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>(Training and guidance will be provided)</em></strong></p><p>Salary commensurate with experience</p><p>Mandatory skill: -</p><ul><li><span>Required language(s): English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin</span></li><li><span>Basic knowledge in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word</span></li><li><span>As a team player, with positive working attitude</span></li><li><span>Able to take on multi-tasks, meet tight deadlines and work under pressure</span></li></ul><p>Priority: -</p><ul><li><span>Well verse in </span>iFlexi HRMS, TCMS &amp; FingerTec Ingress <span>System</span></li><li><span>Good knowledge of Malaysian Labor Laws and Employment Acts</span></li><li>Familiar with work pass matters and payroll administration</li><li>Meticulous and detail oriented</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JEKO LOONG SDN BHD</strong> was established since April 2011. Based in Johor Bahru, the company principally operates the fruits business as a retailer cum exporter.</p><p><strong>JEKO </strong>supplies all kind of fruits ranging from local, seasonal to import. <strong>JEKO</strong> has its own transportation system in collecting fruits from the fruits farms and orchards throughout Malaysia.</p><p>In terms of supply, <strong>JEKO </strong>primarily supply fruits to overseas, Singapore's supermarket and hypermarket. While in local market, <strong>JEKO </strong>sells fruits to end consumers through 3 outlets which located at Best Mart,  S&#8217;MART Market and @&#8217;MART Market.</p><p><strong>JEKO LOONG SDN BHD</strong>'s vision is becoming one of the most successful and reputable fruit trading and export company in Malaysia.</p><p><strong>JEKO</strong>&#8217;s mission is to expand business which optimally combines our people, management systems and market opportunities to achieve profitable targets and growth.</p><p>We are committed to provide quality products and services to the customers. By understanding consumer's needs and wants, we sell fruits with reasonable price while maintaining the quality of fruits so that different levels of consumers are affordable to purchase our products.</p><p>Also, <strong>JEKO</strong> committed to obtain ISO22000 certification in order to increase customer confidence in purchasing fruits that fulfil food safety requirements.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/hr-cum-admin-4596480?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596480&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 