---
title: "Lyreco Office Supplies (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Merchandiser (Product Marketing)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-31 
excerpt: "Lyreco Office Supplies (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Merchandiser (Product Marketing) which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lyreco Office Supplies (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Merchandiser (Product Marketing)</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Are you an experience Marketing Product Manager / Merchandiser from retail or e-commerce industry? </strong>Explore and lead our robust, young and dynamic marketing team to be the pioneer of our industry!</p><p>You will be challenged with growing and developing our business through strong product marketing strategy in business workplace solutions market.&#160;Main Role &amp; Responsibilities:-</p><ul><li><strong>Product:</strong> Develop Category Strategies and new product evolution in an e-commerce/reseller role.</li><li>Maintaining agile product listing &amp; managing finished product suppliers.</li><li>Develop product and supplier policies in an e-commerce/reseller role.</li><li>Conduct suppliers and product sourcing locally and internationally.</li><li>Leading and manage the negotiations of product cost, monthly promotion, Back End Program, annual catalogue with suppliers.</li><li>Develop and manage product assortment/selection and market research.</li><li><strong>Pricing: </strong>Establish and manage the planning for product selection, catalogue production and set pricing for products.</li><li>Initiate promotional programs for Omini-channel, website, sales force and customer service.</li><li>Participate in the co-ordination of international Group Marketing for leverage re purchasing power and margin improvement.</li><li><strong>Place &amp; Promotion:</strong> Manage &amp; maintain corporate and e-commerce website product and content.</li><li>Lead &amp; manage Omini channel communication and promotion, Paper DM, catalogue, eDM, social media, PR.</li><li><strong>People:</strong> Manage the team, set the objectives and monitor the achievements.</li><li>Establish the marketing plans (promotions, product range development, meeting objectives for margin and growth at Product Manager level).&#160;</li><li>Set team&#8217;s objectives for supplier contributions, End-of-Year Bonus and promotional budgets and ensure the necessary resources to achieve them.</li><li>Develop and manage departmental operational budget</li></ul><p>&#160;<strong>Candidate Profile Requirement:-</strong></p><ul><li>Preferably with a university degree in business discipline.&#160;</li><li>At least 5 years of experience in sales and marketing.</li><li>Experience in an e-commerce/reseller for thousands of SKU environment.</li><li>Dynamic, analytic, organize and ability to meet tight dateline</li><li>Fluent in English. (Mandarin is a plus)</li><li>Good negotiation, organization and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Highly proficient in MS Office. E-commerce experience is added advantage</li><li>A team player and a leader.</li><li>This position internally known as Product Marketing Director</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Lyreco group is the European leader and the third largest distributor of workplace products and services in the world.&#160;</p><p>A privately owned company since 1926, Lyreco has constantly adapted to the evolutions of workplace thanks to its constant focus on excellence in customer experience, strong partnerships with renowned suppliers, and efficient logistics.&#160;</p><p>The group directly operates in 25 countries in Europe and Asia and covers 17 additional markets on 4 continents through a network of distribution partners.</p><p><strong>Delivering What Any Workplace Needs</strong></p><p>As a specialist of the work environment, Lyreco's expertise keeps on&#160;extending&#160;to cover&#160;all workplace needs: office supplies, furniture, IT equipment, printing solutions, personal protective equipment, hygiene, coffee and catering.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-merchandiser-product-marketing-4579474?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4579474&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 