---
title: "Medivest Sdn Bhd Vacancies Engineer / Head of Facilities Services" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-04 
excerpt: "Medivest Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Engineer / Head of Facilities Services which positioned at Negeri Sembilan, Johor, Melaka" 
tags: [Negeri Sembilan, Johor, Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Medivest Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Engineer / Head of Facilities Services</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Descriptions ;</p><ul><li>To assist Facility Manager in managing Hospital Support Services .</li><li>To assist your superior in Minimising Deduction/Penalty/ Critical Events, prevent any implementation of clauses in the Concession Agreement (CA) that can cause damages or losses to the Company by the Contract Hospital; timely attended all the Work orders raised by the hospital staff and achieve good customer feedback survey.</li><li>Assisting your superior in planning, organizing, directing, implementing, controlling, managing and supervising vendors&#8217; staff in carry out their day to day duties and responsibilities.</li><li>Responsible for Asset Management, Variation Order Submission for fee claim.</li><li>Monitors and responses immediately upon any Facility Engineering Maintenance Services' (FEMS) work orders (including Civil, Mechanical and Electrical work orders).</li><li>Responsible for&#160;data accuracy, timely submission of documentation.</li><li>To assist your superior in ensuring that FMS : Biomedical Engineering Maintenance Services (BEMS), Facility Engineering Maintenance Services (FEMS), Linen and Laundry Services (LLS), Healthcare Waste Management Services (HWMS) and Cleansing Services (CLS) are according to the Concession Agreement, Technical Requirements &amp; Key Performance Indicators, Master Agreed Procedures, Project Operation Guidelines, Hospital Specific Implementation Plan and other statutory requirements introduced from time to time.</li><li>To assist your superior in managing and monitoring closely monthly Mapping, Deduction and hospital assets.</li><li>Manage and implement hospital program effectively; handle customers&#8217; grievances, complaints and dissatisfaction;&#160;&#160;providing feedback to customers and top management.</li><li>Responsible to manage, lead, motivate, train and coach your subordinates so that their performance and competency level are high and acceptable to the company&#8217;s requirements.</li><li>Responsible to built good rapport with the customers and enhance Company&#8217;s image by providing high quality services to them from time to time.</li><li>To provide periodical Operations Performance and Condition Appraisal Reports and Analysis as required including proposals for improvement.</li><li>To ensure actions and decisions are always guided by the Company&#8217;s mission and key corporate values.</li><li>Any other duties assigned by the Company from time to time.</li></ul><p>Job Requirements ;</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Professional Degree in Engineering (Civil), Engineering (Electrical/Electronic), Engineering (Mechanical) or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Relevant technical knowledge</li><li>Willing to work at Jempol Negeri Sembilan or any (within Negeri Sembilan).</li><li>&#160;2 years contract basis.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Incorporated in 1991, <strong>Medivest Sdn Bhd</strong> is one of the key players in providing healthcare support services in Malaysia. The company currently services 21 public hospitals and a regional laboratory in southern Peninsular Malaysia, in the states of Negeri Sembilan, Melaka and Johor. &#160;Medivest&#8217;s main competencies in healthcare support services are in Healthcare Waste Management Services, Linen and Laundry Services, Cleansing Services, Facilities Engineering Maintenance Services, Facilities Management Services and Biomedical Engineering Maintenance Services. &#160;In improving the efficiency of healthcare facilities maintained and in the effort of environmental preservation, Medivest is also implementing the Sustainability Programme that mainly includes Energy Efficiency, 3R (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) and Indoor Air Quality.</div>
<div>Their commitment to quality, safety and environment has earned them the ISO9001, ISO13485, EMS14001 and OHSA18001 certifications.<br>
&#160;</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Negeri Sembilan, Johor, Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/engineer-head-of-facilities-services-4455295?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455295&sectionRank=15&token=0~014f37b6-0e45-4290-983e-01224b8c1d80&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 