---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd Vacancies Admin Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-25 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admin Executive which based in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan CareerMaster Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admin Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB SUMMARY:</strong><ul><li>To assist in compliance matters and oversee the administrative functions with all relevant Government department such as MIDA, MITI, MBJB.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure MJF, J-SOX submit/ updated accordingly to avoid any compliance issue.</li><li>Maintain good relationship with relevant government departments concerned with company business.</li><li>To administer the proper system and procedures of Admin Section</li><li>MIDA License Maintenance.</li><li>MBJB License Maintenance.</li><li>Factory Insurance Policy Maintenance related to Fixed Assets.</li><li>Ensure the maintenance of comprehensive record of contract agreement, KIAN and Vital Record.</li><li>Perform other related tasks/ functions as and when required by superior.</li><li>To introduce only environmental friendly material to managerial level.</li><li>To use only authorized direct/ indirect material for environmental conformance material label.</li><li>To segregate and dispose scheduled waste according to legal and other requirement.</li><li>To carry the above task in safely and healthy's manner by following the Company OSHMS requirements.</li></ul></div><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma qualification, preferably who have the working experience in China company are encouraged to apply.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in the related field.</li><li>Required language(s): Mandarin, English, Bahasa Malaysia (must able to read and write)</li><li>Computer literate, knowledge of Microsoft Office (eg: Ms.Excel, Ms. Word, Ms. Powerpoint).</li><li>Initiative, responsible and able to work independently.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's&#160;</strong><strong>V</strong><strong>ision</strong></div><ul><li><strong>To Be The Top Choice in Human Capital Solutions across South East Asia.</strong></li></ul><div><strong>CAREERMASTER's Mission</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Empowering Businesses, Enriching Lives through Dynamic &amp; Zealous connections.</strong></li></ul><div>Today, <strong>CareerMaster</strong> represents clients from Home grown (local) companies to large Multinational Organizations across all industries&#160;and specializations. Our large customer base is a strong testimony of our high level of quality and committed services to our customers.</div><div>At the core of <strong>CareerMaster </strong>is a team of dedicated consultants who&#160;possesses experiences with the ability&#160;to understand clients&#8217; business, equipped with the knowledge base to qualify and perfectly match candidates effectively according to clients&#8217; requirements and ensuring that staffing needs are met on time with confidentiality.&#160;</div><div>Location:<strong> Kuala Lumpur</strong>Client's Profile:<ul><li><strong>Is one of the top construction company focusing on the construction of the purposed built building.</strong></li><li><strong>Parent company in China, have a branch in Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam.</strong></li></ul><div>Working Days: <strong>5</strong></div>Attractive Benefits:<ul><li><strong>Fixed Basic</strong></li><li><strong>Variable Bonus</strong></li><li><strong>Medical Card</strong></li><li><strong>Insurance</strong></li><li><strong>Career prospects in high profile &amp; Multi-National Environment</strong></li></ul></div></div><div>Interested candidates, kindly forward your updated resume in Microsoft format to<strong> jess@careermaster.com.my</strong><div><strong>Shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></div><div><strong>Agensi Pekerjaan Careermaster Sdn Bhd (JTKSM 578A)</strong><br>For further information, kindly call <strong>Tel: 607 &#8211; 3535 294</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admin-executive-4489639?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4489639&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 