---
title: "Kirin Separation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Planner / Buyer– Clear Edge Malaysia" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-30 
excerpt: "Kirin Separation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Planner / Buyer– Clear Edge Malaysia which based in Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kirin Separation (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Planner / Buyer– Clear Edge Malaysia</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>You will play an important role, such as&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Plan and Purchase all materials necessary for manufacturing of Clear Edge Products Malaysia. Responsible for following standard MRP Process to ensure optimal inventory levels. Reports to the Supply Chain Manager Asa Pacific.</li><li>Evaluate material needs and place orders as necessary for all products required for production.</li><li>Work within the MRP system to look at requirements for materials for scheduled orders and adjust the plan as needed, balancing the need for available inventory with high inventory turns.</li><li>Implement Kanban pull systems where applicable</li><li>Work with sales managers to produce accurate forecast of sales orders</li><li>Continuously improve MRP practices through review and segmentation of materials</li><li>Timely Communication of material shortages</li><li>Involvement in supply chain improvement activities with aspiration to lead projects</li></ul><p><strong>Who are we looking for</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Bachelor's Degree in Business, Engineer or any equivalent.</strong></li><li>Knowledge of <strong>Microsoft Office</strong> and<strong> SAP B1</strong> or similar <strong>ERP system</strong> will be preferred.</li><li><strong>Excellent verbal &amp; written communication skills - English.</strong></li><li>Thinks holistically through the entire processes and uses tools and metrics to optimise operations activities.</li><li>Excellent analytical problem-solving ability. Able to discover, analyse, document and present root causes and corrective actions.</li><li>Project management skills and managing time and priorities.</li></ul><p><strong>Other Tasks</strong></p><ul><li>Work with all groups to improve the quality, cost, and lead time of Clear Edge products through process improvement</li><li>Report on performance metrics for the Supply Chain Team</li></ul><p><strong>Special Projects, where applicable and relevant (non-exhaustive)</strong></p><ul><li>Continuous Improvement initiatives</li><li>Standardization of processes, specifications, and methods.</li></ul><p><strong>Dimensions / KPIs</strong></p><ul><li>Safety, Environment, People, Quality, Delivery to Customer, Productivity, Costs, Innovation</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Filtration Group is on a mission to make the world safer, healthier and more productive. With a passionate workforce, global footprint and world class engineering and manufacturing capabilities, we are accredited with ISO 9001-2015 as proof of our quality and commitment to excellence. We are committed to maintaining an entrepreneurial culture built on a foundation of trust and in which our leaders exhibit a strong bias for action.</p><p>Trust&#160;- Build trust with customer for long term basic, earning their trust by attentive to their needs</p><p>Bias of Action&#160;- &#160;Apply your technical skills to rectify their process problems and solves it with confident with alternative plan.</p><p>Entrepreneurial&#160;- Fanatic focus on customer requirements and wanting to grow the business</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/planner-buyer-clear-edge-malaysia-4553235?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4553235&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 