---
title: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Commercialization Lead" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-19 
excerpt: "Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Commercialization Lead which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kerry Ingredients (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Commercialization Lead</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>About Kerry</strong><br>A career with Kerry Taste &amp; Nutrition offers you an opportunity to shape how people across the globe view food and beverage while providing you opportunities to explore and grow as your interests do. With our commitment to a sustainable future, a career with Kerry is something you can feel good about.</div><div><br><strong>About the role</strong><br>The role of the Commercialisation Lead is to lead and deliver Commercialisation projects at the launch site, according to established standard processes, to the agreed timelines and costs. The role also includes project team management, stakeholder management and project communications between the Site Commercialisation Specialist and the Supply Chain Planning team. It is key for the Commercialisation Lead to understand the customer needs and constrains and to act and lead in an environment with uncertainties and changing assumptions/requests.</div><div>This work involves management and oversight of the process establishment to ensure commercial manufacturing readiness at the launch site. It also involves preparation, manufacturing and supply of launch stock volumes to meet the forecasted demand from the different markets in the region or outside the region whichever the site supplied for. The scope includes all steps in the Supply Chain including manufacturing until readiness of products. It also includes handover to BAU activities at the site once the commercialisation product is successfully launched.</div><div>The Commercialisation lead is the Single point of contact for the SC from the launch site and you will be expected to represent the launch site both internally and externally when appropriate. This role shows enterprise leadership when integrating in Regional/Global team to deliver benefit and value cross functionally, regionally and globally.</div><div><strong>Key responsibilities</strong><br>As part of this role you will manage and control the following:</div><ul><li>Lead Commercialisation projects within launch sites or across external supply sites linking with SC within each site, involving establishment as well as launch supply to markets.</li><li>Establishing and leading site Commercialisation project teams in order to deliver project objectives efficiently and effectively.</li><li>Facilitate the resolution and handling of a wide range of complex problems with cross-functional team.</li><li>Manage resources and motivate project team members to promote high performance.</li><li>Continuously reviews plan execution against target.&#160; Proactively identify potential risks, issues and opportunities, develop alternatives balancing business needs and costs, and ensure key contributors and stakeholders are fully aware of changes and developments. Escalates when decision rights exceed established boundaries.</li><li>Establishes strong working relationships with key stakeholders and demonstrates personal ownership and accountability for results with a focus on project execution and customer service.</li><li>Utilize lean concepts and tools within the overall management of projects.&#160; Within Commercialisation project embed lean concepts within solutions and drive continues improvements.</li><li>Collaboratively drive team activities forward and raise any potential GAPs/issues to relevant team</li><li>Coordinate the activities and decision-making processes within the SC functions and functional Site experts.&#160; Understands the consequences and possible alternatives to complex technical issues and effectively communicates their impact to a wide audience within the organization.</li><li>Facilitates the Commercialisation project development process by providing other global/regional team members with an understanding of the site's manufacturing capabilities.</li><li>Lead and drive Site activities and preparations to successfully deliver launch material as agreed timeline.</li><li>Communicates the implications of multiple project execution on the organization; ensures all internal colleagues are aligned to provide equipment, materials, and services to support the completion of the project.</li><li>Ensure that there will be smooth handover into business as usual and that there are minimum negative effects on core business activities as a consequence of project execution.</li><li>Share best practices emphasizing on delivering launch product within the standard Supply Chain parameters ( MOQ, Lead Time ) with wider team and Commercialisation Specialist.</li></ul><strong>Complexity</strong><div>The complexity of leading Commercialisation projects at sites will depend on product characteristics, Supply Chain set up, market scope and launch expectations against a challenging timeline. Project with higher complexity requires additional or stronger capabilities together with more experience and higher business acumen.<br><br><strong>Qualifications and skills</strong></div><ul><li>A Bachelor's degree</li><li>5+ years of experience in any Supply Chain roles within a manufacturing facility preferably food or beverage experience</li><li>Previous experience having led and worked on multi-functional teams on project delivery (Either NPI Projects, Quality Improvement projects,or Capital projects)</li><li>Intermediate to advanced computer skills and applications such as Excel, SAP and Power BI</li><li>Continuous Improvement mindset and the ability to drive initiatives and change</li><li>APICS certification is a plus</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Kerry offers the industry&#8217;s largest portfolio of Taste &amp; Nutrition Systems and Functional Ingredients &amp; Actives, serving the Global Food, Beverage and Pharmaceutical industries. We work with the world&#8217;s top Retailers and Manufacturing companies to produce some of the best private-label products and tailored Food &amp; Beverage solutions on the market. We also work with the leading Food Service chains helping to deliver appetising, relevant and innovative custom solutions, using our expertise in new product development, production and commercialisation.</div>
<div>
	Founded in 1972 in Co. Kerry, Ireland, the Kerry Group has annualised sales in excess of &#8364;6.7 billion and supply over 15,000 food ingredients and flavour products to customers in more than 140 countries worldwide. We have established over 100 manufacturing sites, operate in over 30 countries, and employ 24,000 people worldwide.<br>
<br>
	Kerry has been present in Asia-Pacific, Middle East &amp; Africa (APMEA) region since 1997 and has grown its business to become a supplier of choice for our regional and local customers. Kerry employs nearly 4,000 talented people across the region and, being a truly global company, our employees have opportunities to develop their careers in a global environment, with training, career development and international opportunities across the global Kerry footprint.<br>
<br>
	Our Values:&#160;Courage | Enterprising Spirit | Inclusiveness | Open-mindedness | Ownership &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/commercialization-lead-4486120?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4486120&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 