---
title: "IOI Malls Vacancies Fit-Out Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-30 
excerpt: "IOI Malls is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Fit-Out Executive which positioned at Johor, Puchong, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Puchong, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IOI Malls is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Fit-Out Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Purpose</strong></div><div>To ensure works are carry out in accordance with the Retail Fit-Out Guide and all other relevant Authorities in a timely fashion in close liaison with tenants, consultants and contractors.</div><div><strong>Critical Success Factors</strong></div><ul><li>Knowledge of fit-out standard operation procedures, systems and processes</li><li>Well verse with latest retail concept and design trends</li><li>Pleasant and professional disposition, energetic and willingness to learn and help others</li></ul><div><strong>Key Accountabilities, Responsibilities and Duties:</strong></div><ul><li>To conduct meetings with tenants, consultants and contractors</li><li>To coordinate with internal departments such as Leasing and Project team on M &amp; E provisions and handover dates</li><li>To review and improve on retail shop's design and materials used</li><li>To review architectural drawing submissions</li><li>To liaise with M &amp; E consultant on tenant&#8217;s M &amp; E drawing submissions</li><li>To review and comment tenant's drawing submission</li><li>To conduct shop lot handovers, vacant possessions and routine inspections</li><li>To coordinate upgrading and reconfiguration works within the mall</li><li>To execute any other job responsibilities as and when required by the superior or any other persons designated by the Company</li></ul><div><strong>Scope</strong></div><ul><li>Design &amp; Fit-Out Department of IOI Malls</li></ul><div><b>Job Competence Profile:</b></div><ul><li>Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem-solving environment</li><li>Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills</li><li>Must display professionalism and confidence</li><li>Strong organisational, multi-tasking and time-management skills</li></ul><div><strong>Person Specification:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree/Diploma on Architecture/Interior Design or equivalent with at least 2 years&#8217; experience in retail design and fit-out</li><li>Fresh graduate are encourage to apply</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Spanning more than three decades in the property development industry, IOI Properties Group Berhad (&#8220;IOI Properties&#8221;) is one of the leading public-listed property developers in Malaysia. Over the years, it has successfully developed sustainable townships and commercial enclaves in sought-after regions of Klang Valley such as IOI Resort City, Bandar Puteri Puchong, 16 Sierra and Bandar Puteri Bangi; and established a strong presence in Penang (northern region) as well as Johor in the southern region of Malaysia. In the international scene, IOI Properties has project developments in Singapore and the People&#8217;s Republic of China. The Group has a total development landbank of approximately 10,000 acres.</div>
<div>
	Apart from being an established township property developer, IOI Properties is also known for being one of the few integrated property developers that builds and manages its investment properties such as hotels, golf courses, shopping malls and office buildings. Under its investment property portfolio it manages a total of 6.7 million sq. ft. of lettable area, comprising retail, purpose built office and others. These properties are mostly located in high-growth areas, which are well-connected, accessible and are centred within high population concentration.</div>
<div>
	The Group owns four hotels with 4 to 5-star rating offering a total of more than 1,800 keys namely Putrajaya Marriott Hotel, Palm Garden Hotel, Four Points by Sheraton Puchong, Le Meridien Putrajaya; as well as two golf courses known as Palm Garden Golf Club in IOI Resort City and Palm Villa Golf and Country Resort in Johor. Meanwhile, the Group&#8217;s investment assets include an award-winning IOI City Mall &#8211; the largest shopping mall in Southern Klang Valley, IOI Mall Puchong and IOI Mall Kulai.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor, Puchong, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/fit-out-executive-4473189?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473189&sectionRank=5&token=0~2da19e63-dbf1-4b11-934c-6abcc2f8197a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 