---
title: "LSPCM ( Johore ) Sdn Bhd Vacancies LOGISTIC EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-15 
excerpt: "LSPCM ( Johore ) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the LOGISTIC EXECUTIVE which based in Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>LSPCM ( Johore ) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>LOGISTIC EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Engineering (Mechanical), Business Studies/Administration/Management, Logistic/Transportation or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English,Mandarin</li><li>Required Skill(s): Microsoft Office</li><li>Fresh graduate are welcome to apply for this position.</li><li>Preferably someone who specialized in Logistics/Supply Chain or equivalent.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><strong>Scheduling</strong>:</p><ul><li>Do daily schedule for driver.</li><li>To coordinate drivers which factory to go and solve the problem if get any complain.</li><li>Follow up with driver what collection he has done and update.</li><li>Make sure the daily schedule for driver achieve driver and company target.</li><li>Take the order from customer for collection/Delivery every day.</li><li>Arrange driver collect/ Delivery on time as per request by customer.</li><li>Settle if get complain from them and improve the service.</li></ul><p><strong>Drivers</strong>:</p><ul><li>To be able to handle all drivers regardless of attitude and personality.</li><li>Monitor the attendance of lorry driver every day.</li><li>Meeting with driver for discuss if have any issue or complain.</li><li>Arrange training for driver and follow up the result.</li><li>Training new driver and explain the procedure to them.</li></ul><p><strong>Maintenance</strong>:</p><ul><li>To coordinate with Maintenance Dept for lorry inspection/service/breakdown.</li><li>Prepared Maintenance Form and monitor driver to do Daily Lorry Checklist form every day.</li><li>Allies with Maintenance Dept. and provide report after repairs the lorry.</li><li>To be able to cut Maintenance Cost by proposing benefits to both driver and company.</li></ul><p><strong>Bin</strong>:</p><ul><li>Check Bin damage/bin need to services and coordinate to Maintenance Dept for Repairs.</li><li>Audit bin at system every week and prepared report.</li><li>To do audit to some factories to ensure the report matches the Bins.</li><li>To follow up with Maintenance Dept for new bin request by Logistic Department and update.</li><li>Can provide a summary report of where all bins are at the end of the month.</li><li>To supervise and ensure that bins are enough for all customers and many bins are needed.</li></ul><p><strong>Diesel</strong>:</p><ul><li>To coordinate with Logistic Assistant on usage of Diesel.</li><li>Check diesel report summit by Logistic Assistant and provide SOP and GPS report if needed.</li><li>To provide diesel usage at the end of month.</li></ul><p><strong>Toll</strong>:</p><ul><li>Make sure Driver use toll when bring specific tonnage approved.</li><li>To provide a SOP report when driver needs to take E22 with not brings specific tonnage approved or has any problem of toll.</li><li>To provide toll report for all driver at the end of the month.</li></ul><p><strong>Commission/DCR</strong>:</p><ul><li>Make sure driver summit DCR every day and write correct in DCR.</li><li>If have any issue regarding driver in DCR/Commission and for empty bin, need to open SOP and give to payroll.</li><li>Need to revised commission trips (if get complain) or propose new customer commission trips for new customer.</li></ul><p><strong>GPS</strong>:</p><ul><li>To understand where and when the driver are.</li><li>To understand how long it takes for each customer.</li><li>To provide report on the processing time of all factories.</li></ul><p><strong>Report</strong>:</p><ul><li>Prepared Daily Monitoring report every day.</li><li>If have any accident, need to investigate and do report for management.</li></ul><p>*Others duties as and when assigned by Management.</p><p><strong>Remuneration:</strong></p><ul><li>EPF, SOCSO</li><li>Career Opportunity</li><li>Training</li><li>Yearly Bonus</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>LSPCM is dealing with all kinds of ferrous and non-ferrous metal,second grade metal sheet, aluminium ingot &amp; manufacturer of all size of flat washers &amp; etc.</div>
<div>We are specialized in collecting and processing of scrap metals and second grade metals for use by various mills and factories.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/logistic-executive-4506813?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4506813&" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 